

[Intro]
Its your boy Lil Jon, got my partner Yelawolf with me,
Whats up Yela, you know its time to crank the club up again.

[Verse 1]
Yea, you ain't gotta lay down your back to know you already fucked up
Letting me in the motherfucking game is like letting me drunk drive in your truck.
When Yelawolf arrived in this club I already had 5 in my cup,
I done took another hit, I done ran into a bitch thats looking lifeless and stuck,
Baby whats wrong with you now, what you aint happy with red bottoms,
Mad cause Im in VIP with a fucking Jack bottle, with Tom, Dick, and Harry;
But I got up in this bitch with a tank top, cuz I spit so very.
Dumb quick and scary.
Thats why they so quick to compare me.
But fuck the critics, with a spike dick, when it can fit barely.
They probably think Im a limp biscuit that spits jelly.
But I put them in the woods, Im a redneck. Im a hick tell me, go ahead.
What the fuck does it matter to me,
Cuz after me they'll only be wannabes, and mostly aint never gonna bes.
Yea, in this forest Im a lonely tree,
My limbs are covered in tattoos, and my roots they run deep I'm

[Hook]
Two bottle shawty, two bitches waiting, two tens,
Thats a win, win situation
Happy Birthday, Im feeling brand new
Drinks on me, for me not you.
Up in the club, dont give a fuck, up in the club, dont give a fuck,
Up in the club, dont give a fuck, up in the club still dont give a fuck.

[Verse 2]
I dont know what to say after that first verse,
I mean like damn I just killed it
What the fuck am I supposed to do with this cow
I done already milked it.
Smoke another cigarette unfiltered, let go of anything that Im feeling.
They done broke me down so many times before that Im no longer rapping
Im building with one brick, two brick, three brick, four.
Underneath the steps of my singlewide door.
Raised by them dope boys so I know how them thangs look,
Thanks for the recipe, rest in peace Wayne Bush.
I dont cut my shit. I dont break it down
For you motherfuckers out there waiting around for some rap savior,
You better look up at what it is that youre facing now,
Cuz Jesus drives a Harley, the devil wears Prada,
If God was one of us, hed probably drink Vodka.
I still kick at the party when I get rich,
Cuz rich or broke, Im still as dope.
The realist aint as real as this.
Dead or alive I put a stamp in this bitch,
Youll never see rock n roll do hip hop like I did Im

[Hook]
Two bottle shawty, two bitches waiting, two tens
Thats a win, win situation.
Happy birthday, Im feeling brand new,
Drinks on me, for me, not you.
Up in the club, dont give a fuck, up in the club, dont give a fick,
Up in the club, dont give a fuck, up in the club still dont give a fuck.
Yeah, yeah we dont give a fuck.

Its Ghet-O-Vision, Shady
Still dont give a fuck, naw your boy Lil Jon, we rep the south!
Happy Birthday, Alabama!

Up in the club, dont give a fuck!
Up in the club still dont give a fuck!
I aint in the building I own the building bitch!---Lyrics submitted by Sarang sheikh.



Submit Corrections



 
