

"Ha ha, we, my friends, the day we have waited for may be at hand"
"Oh, if only that were true, Lumiere"
"Aah, human again"
"Human again"
"Yes, think what that means"

I'll be cooking again, be good-looking again
With a mademoiselle on each arm
When I'm human again, only human again
Poised and polished and gleaming with charm

I'll be courting again, chic and sporting again
Which should cause several husband's alarm
I'll hop down off the shelf and toute suite be myself
I can't wait to be human again

When we're human again, only human again
When we're knickknacks and whatnot's no more
Little push, little shove, they could, whoosh fall in love
Ah, Cherie, won't it all be top-drawer?

I'll wear lipstick and rouge and I won't be so huge
Why, I'll easily fit through that door
I'll exude savior-faire, I'll wear gowns, I'll have hair
It's my prayer to be human again

When I'm human again, only human again
When the world once more starts making sense
I'll unwind for a change, really? That'd be strange
Can I help it if I'm t-t-tense?

In a shack by the sea, I'll sit back sipping tea
Let my early retirement commence
Far from fools made of wax, I'll get down to brass tacks and relax
When I'm human again

So sweep the dust from the floor
Let's let some light in the room
I can feel, I can tell
Someone might break the spell any day now

Shine up the brass on the door
Alert the dustpail and broom
If we all goes as planned
Our time may be at hand any day now

Open the shutters and let in some air
Put these here and put those over there
Sweep up the years of sadness and tears
And throw them away

When Guinevere heard that Arthur was slain
She stole away to a convent
And no one could ever make her smile again
The end

"What a beautiful story!"
"Oh, I knew you would like it"
"I would like to ask you for something"
"What's that?"

"A second chance"
"Would you have dinner with me tonight?"
"Dinner? Me? With you?"
"Well, that would be, I mean, oh, yes"

When we're human again, only human again
When the girl finally sets us all free
Cheeks a-bloomin' again, we're assumin' again
We'll resume our long lost joie de vivre

We'll be playin' again, holiday' again
And we're prayin' it's A S A P
When we cast off this pall
We'll stand straight, we'll walk tall
When we're all that we were
Thanks to him, thanks to her
Coming closer and closer and closer

We'll be dancing again, we'll be twirling again
We'll be whirling around with such ease
When we're human again, only human again
We'll go waltzing those old one-two-three's

We'll be floating again, we'll be gliding again
Stepping, striding as fine as you please
Like the real human does, I'll be all that I was
On that glorious morn' when we're finally reborn
And we're all of us human again---Lyrics submitted by shannon.



Submit Corrections



 
