

Shouldn't have to cry for you to make me smile 
Hey, talking down to me, like i'm your child, ohhh 
Shouldn't have to beg ya, ohhh to hear me out, nooo 
Shouldn't need another reason, for me to shut you out? 
But my heart and my mind are in battle 

Chorus: 
Loving you is like running, running on the line 
It's like I'm chasing down the love, and there's no finish line in sight 
I just keep on running, running on the line and you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time! 
I keep on running, 
Feels like I'm running, running on the line 
I keep on running, 
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time.

What's a little laughter, oh, when it comes with so much pain? 
Oh, I'll be here forever, if I wait for you to change, oh. 
Oh, oh, I don't know if I can do it, cause I'm running low on fluid. 
Can't believe you brought me to this and rip my heart 
and straight abuse it 
What's it gonna take for me to break away? 
I really don't know, hey! Cause my heart and my mind are in battle

Chorus: 
Loving you is like running, running on the line 
It's like I'm chasing down the love and there's no finish line in sight 
I just keep on running, running on the line 
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time! 
I keep on running, Feels like I'm running, running on the line 
I keep on running, 
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time. 

Yeah, yeah, we got that color purple love 
Running and waving 
Saying nothing can keep us from it 
That's my woman, but you might fall in love with the youngster 
Hipster, someone taller, baller, richer, and locked down 
Maybe someone of a different ethinic background, terrific I wish you the white gown, the garter, white veil, rings and roses 
Tiara in your hair like a queen, 
I toast ya. told you, lately I'm bingin' on Mercedes Benzes 
Lot of my lady friend is getting older 
Looking for somebody to cuff them 
Rush them to a husband, don't even truly love them.
At their best friend's bridal ceremony, jealous and they lonely, cryin, but they phony 
Yo, Fiona, you know me 
Yo, We still got time to find real L O V E 
Like them lyrics in the real love songs, da oldies, so keep runnin for me If you're out there listening, Sir Nas don't need a trophy, I need a misses 
Trying to get with that wife and kids business not just arm candy, my dream is to have a family. 
All I ever wanted was a love on top. 
All I ever needed was a love that's mine 
Did you ever really love me or is love so blind uh, here I go I'm bout to cross the line

Chorus: 
running, running on the line, heyyy 
It's like I'm chasing down the love and there's no finish line in sight 
I just keep on running, running on the line and you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time! 
I keep on running, 
Feels like I'm running, running on the line 
I can't keep running, 
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time, ohhhh---Lyrics submitted by Diana Brown.



Submit Corrections



 
