

I am not Jasmine, Im Aladdin
So far ahead, these bums is laggin
See me in that new thing, bums is gaggin
Im startin to feel like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Im startin to feel like a dungeon dragon
Look at my show footage, how these girls be spazzin
So fuck I look like gettin back to a has-been?
Yeah, I said it, has-been
Hang it up, flatscreen
(Haha) Plasma
Hey Nicki, hey Nicki, asthma
I got the pumps, it aint got medicine
I got bars, sentencin'
Im a bad bitch, Im a cunt
And Ill kick that hoe, punt
Forced trauma, blunt
You play the back, bitch, Im in the front
You need a job, this aint cuttin it
Nicki Minaj is who you aint fuckin with
You lil brag a lot, I beat you with a pad-a-lock
I am a movie, camera block
You outta work, I know its tough
But enough is enough

Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

(Eminem)

I aint into S&M;, but my whips off the chain
A little drop of candy paint drips off the frame
Twisted-ass mind, got a pretzel for a brain
An eraser for a head, fuckin pencil for a frame
You dont like it then peel off, bitch
Every last woman on Earth Ill kill off, and I still wouldnt fuck you, slut
So wipe the smile on your grill off, I swear to God Ill piss a Happy Meal off
Get the wheels turnin, spin, and wheel off
Snap the axel in half, bust the tie-rod
Quit hollerin Why, God? He aint got shit to do with it
Bygonesll never be bygones, so wont be finished swallowin my wad
I aint finished blowin it, nice bra
Hope itll fit a tough titty, bitch
Lifes hard, I swear to God, life is a dumb blonde white broad
With fake tits and a bad dye job
Who just spit in my fuckin face and called me a fuckin tightwad
So finally I broke down and bought her an iPod
And caught her stealin my music, so I tied her arms and legs to the bed

Set up the camera and pissed twice on her
Look, two pees and a tripod!
The moral to the story is, lifes treatin you like dry sod?
Kick it back in its face, my God
Its Shady and Nicki Minaj, you might find the sight quite odd
But dont ask why, bitch (Ask why not)

The wo-world is my punchin bag and
If Im garbage, youre a bunch of maggots
Make that face, go on, scrunch it up at me
Show me the target so I can lunge and attack it

Like a, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
You fell off, off, they musta bumped your wagon
You musta went off the back, Im bout to go off the deep end
I told you to stay in your lane, you just choked in traffic

(Nicki Minaj)

(I-I-I-I-Is) Is this the thanks that I get for puttin you bitches on?
http://www.elyricsworld.com/roman's_revenge_lyrics_nicki_minaj.html
Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone?
Shoulda sent a thank-you note, you little ho
Now Ima wrap your coffin with a bow
(Ni-ni-ni) Nicki, shes just mad cause you took the spot
Word, that bitch mad cause I took the spot?
Well, bitch, if you aint shittin, then get off the pot
Got some ***** out in Brooklyn thatll off your top
I-I-I-I hear them mumblin, I hear the cacklin
I got em scared, shook, panickin
Overseas, church, Vatican
You at a stand, still, mannequin
You wanna sleep on me? Overnight?
Im the motherfuckin boss, overwrite
And when I pull up, vroom, motorbike
Now all my ***** gettin bucked, overbite
I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levis
Raggedy-ass, holes in your knee-highs
I call the play, now do you see why?
These bitches callin me Manning, Eli
(Manning, Eli!) Ma, ma-ma-ma-ma, Manning, Eli
These bitches callin me (Manning, Eli)

(Eminem)

A-a-a-a-all you lil faggots can suck it
No home, but Ima stick it to em like refrigerator magnets
And Im crooked enough to make straitjackets bend
Yeah, look whos back again, bitch, keep actin as if
You have the same passion that I have
Yeah, right, still hungry, my ass
You assdicks had gastric bypass
Aint hot enough to set fire to dry grass
And bout as violent as hair on eyelids (Eyelash!)
Go take a flyin leap of faith off a fuckin balcony
Fore I shove a falcon wing up your fly ass
You know what time it is, so why ask?
When Shady and Nickis worlds clash
Its (high class) meets (white trash)

Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

Roman! Roman!
Stop it, stop it!
Youve gone mad, mad, I tell you, mad!
You and this boy Slim Shady!
Whats goin on?
Theyll lock you away!
Theyll put you in a jail cell!
I promise!
Take your mothers warning, Roman
Pleaaaaaaase
Back to bed! Run along!
Lets go! Come on!
Wash your mouth out with soap, boys
(Boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys)---Lyrics submitted by Shalaya.



Submit Corrections



 
