

Hello Boys and Girls, 
My name is Fatlip, 
And this is my friend Sammy the Salmon,
Sammy: (What it do?)
Today we're going to teach you some fun facts about salmon,
And a brand new dance!

Let me introduce to you a brand new dance,
I know your going to love it if you give it one chance,
It's not very complicated, 
It's not to hard, 
You don't even have to be a hip-hop star!
See anyone can do it all you need is style,
Listen up peep-game I'ma show you how.
Put your hands to the side as silly as it seems,
and shake your body like a salmon floating up stream!

I float upstream....
You know how we do it,
You know how we do it , again.
Sammy: (My peeps spend part of their lives in fresh water, and part of their lives in salt water) 
Fatlip: (Wow, very interesting)
Sammy: (We change route a couple of days after spawning, and then we die.) 

When I first did the salmon
All the people just laughed
They looked around and stood like i was on crack,
I heard somebody say out loud,
"What the fuck is that? this niggas dancing like a fish while he's doing the snap."
But the more I kept doin' it 
The more they were feeling it, 
Then i heard some bitches sayin'
"Yo that niggas killin it"
By the end of the night,
Everyone was on my team, 
The whole club was danicing like a salmon floating up stream.

I float up stream,
you know how we do it
you know how we do it, again
Sammy: (Most of our friends find their home waters by sense of smell, which is even more keen  than that of a dog, or a bear)
Fatlip: (Wow) 
Sammy: (My family also rely on ocean currents, tides and gravitational pull of the moon.) 
I float up stream
Fatlip: (The moon? Fish pay attention to the moon? Wow.)
Again.

Sammy: (Did you know...)
Fatlip: (What?)
Sammy: (That I could go to Japan, and back.)
Fatlip: (Your kidding, amazing, jeez.)
Sammy: (Polluted water can kill both baby salmon that are developing, and the adult salmon that are on their way to spawn.)
Fatlip: (Wow what a shame, what a shame.)
Fatlip: (Wow hey, kids give it up for Sammy the salmon and his amazing salmon dance. huh? What do you say? Who's hungry?)---Lyrics submitted by Katherine.



Submit Corrections



 
