

Ayo I was on da plane with DeWayne
You can call me Whitley I go to Hillman
Listen, I'm da baddest in da school, da baddest in da game
Excuse me honey, but nobody's in my lane
When you was in New York you was fuckin' da Yankee
I was fuckin' with bass, I was pitchin' da frankie
These bitches so cranky give dem a hanky
But mami I'm cold give me me my blanky

[Speakin:]
Whoa Whoa ok ok whoa whoa Holiday wait hold on hold on Hholiday!
You can't give it to em dry like that. You gotta get that shit wet first nigga like c'mon now! You gotta prep them for shit like that they can't just get that shit right off da top. like you gotta bring that shit back bring that shit the fuck back!

[Verse:]
Ayo I was on da plane with DeWayne
You can call me Whitley I go to Hillman
Listen, I'm da baddest in da school, da baddest in da game
Xscuse me honey, but nobody's in my lane
When you was in New York you was fuckin' da yankee
I was fuckin' with bass, I was pitchin' da frankie
These bitches so cranky give dem a hanky
But mami I'm cold give me me my blanky
Flyer than a kite, I get higher than Rapunzel
Keep the Snow White I can buy it by the bundle
Step ya cookies up for they crumble
Don't be actin like the Cardinals and gon fumble
Cause I'm a Steeler
Fresh up out the dealer
All da dopeboys gon feel her
Flow so sick I need a healer
Fuck is my M.A.C. concealer
I be out in Queens in da back of 4 whee-whee-whee-whee-whee-whee-wheelers
I'm a big bill
That's why I get more head than a pigtail
put some ranch im getting the munchies
I think I'll have a rap bitch for my entree
And they be thinkin they can spit spit shine my shoes
You know I keep a bad bitch let me sign ya boobs
I'm the only thing hoppin like a kangaroo
I mean the only thing poppin like a can o' brew
Listen, you should buy yo 16 cause I write it good
The 808, woof woof, cause I write it good
And bitches can't find they man cause I ride it good
I'm the wolf, where is little red- uh riding hood
[Chorus] And if you see a itty bitty piggy in the market
Give that bitch a quarter and a car tell her park it
I don't fuck with pigs like asa lama lakum
I put 'em in the field, I let Oscar Mayer bake 'em [x2]

It's like I just single-handedly annihilated you know every rap bitch in da building like
like I'm Nicki Minaj, Nicki Lewenski, Nicki Da Ninja, Nicki Da Boss, Nicki the Harajuku Barbie. Like, I mean I don't even know why you girls bother at this point. Like give it up, it's me. I win you, lose. Aahhhhhhahahaha, oh shit haha yoooooo ima bad bitch, ima ima bad bitch ima bad bitch ima ima bad bitch
ima bad bitch ima ima bad bitch imma bad bitch imma imma bad bitchh hahahaahh I told you I told you before I told you, you gunna have to pick my fruit out now listen. In
addition to picking my fruit out, I want yall to start going to the boutiques, know what I'm sayin'? Get some crazy shit for me. I want, I want you know leopard skin; I want, I want all dat crazy lizard skin and shit.
You kno you can be my personal shopper hahahaa ayoooo!
woooo uh huh uh huh---Lyrics submitted by ani.



Submit Corrections



 
