

Nuapurista kuulu se polokan tahti
jalakani pohjii kutkutti.
Ievan iti se tytts vahti
vaan kyllhn Ieva sen jutkutti,
sill ei meit silloin kiellot haittaa
kun my tanssimme laiasta laitaan.
Salivili hipput tupput tppyt
ppyt tipput hilijalleen.

Ievan suu oli vehnsell
ko immeiset onnee toevotti.
Pe oli mrkn jokaisella
ja viulu se vinku ja voevotti.
Ei tt poikoo mrkyys haittaa
sillon ko laskoo laiasta laitaan.
Salivili hipput.

Ievan iti se kammarissa
virsi veisata huijjuutti,
kun tm poika naapurissa
mmn tytt nuijjuutti.
Eik tt poikoo mmt haittaa
sillon ko laskoo laiasta laitaan.
Salivili.

Siell oli lysti soiton jlkeen
sain min kerran sytkyyttee.
Kottiin ko mntii ni mm se riitelj
ja Ieva jo alako nyyhkyytteek.
Min sanon Ievalle mitp se haittaa
laskemma vielhi laiasta laitaa.
Salivili.

Muorille sanon jotta tukkee suusi
en ruppee sun terveytts takkoomaa.
Terveen peset ku korjoot luusi
ja mt siit murjuus makkoomaa.
Ei tt poikoo hellyys haittaa
ko akkoja huhkii laiasta laitaan.
Salivili.
Sen min sanon jotta purra pitt
ei mua niin voan nielasta.
Suat mnn ite vaikka lnnest ittn
vaan min en luovu Ievasta,
sill ei tt poikoo kainous haittaa
sillon ko tanssii laiasta laitaan.

ENGLISH TRANSLATION

The sound of a polka drifted from my neighbor's
and set my feet a-tapping oh!
Ieva's mother had her eye on her daughter but
Ieva she managed to fool her, you know.
'Cause who's going to listen to mother saying no
when we're all busy dancing to and fro!

Ieva was smiling, the fiddle it was wailing
as people crowded round to wish her luck.
Everyone was hot but it didn't seem to bother
the handsome young man, the dashing buck.
'Cause who's going to mind a drop of sweat
when he's all busy dancing to and fro!

Ieva's mother she shut herself away
in her own quiet room to hum a hymn.
Leaving our hero to have a spot of fun
in a neighbor's house when the lights are dim.
'Cause what does it matter what the old folks say
when you're all busy dancing to and fro!

When the music stopped then the real fun began
and that's when the laddie fooled around.
When he took her home, when the dancing was over
her mother angrily waiting they found.
But I said to her, Ieva, now don't you weep
and we'll soon be dancing to and fro!

I said to her mother now stop that noise
or I won't be responsible for what I do.
If you go quietly and stay in your room
you won't get hurt while your daughter I woo.
'Cause this fine laddie is a wild sort of guy
when he's all busy dancing to and fro!

One thing I tell you is you won't trap me,
no, you won't find me an easy catch.
Travel to the east and travel to the west but
Ieva and I are going to make a match.
'Cause this fine laddie ain't the bashful sort
when he's all busy dancing to and from---Lyrics submitted by Kio.



Submit Corrections



 
