

Everywhere I go I , play to win ( i go i) i got lots of guala , let me show you how i show out.(2x) Gucci , Loui , Prada and im all about my quala i be all up in the mall ballin like it's no tomorrow (2x)

I got lots of guala i spend it.
imma ball - a - holic like my money never ended.
pockets so swole just like pop eye on his spinach like roscoe why you grunt so hard im like im tryna get it.
and thats just how i do it.
Hit the mall wit bout 10 stacks but you know that i blew it.
Hit the club and threw it , thats just how we do it.
Me i be wit MMI and you know we goin stupid (going stupid).
you know i make it rain hoe Goosey By the bottle.
blown fruity like a mango.(gone)
and catch this changed hoe.
yeah we anything hoe
it's R-O-S-C-O-E dash im headin for the fame hoe.

Everywhere I go I , play to win ( i go i) i got lots of guala , let me show you how i show out.(2x) Gucci , Loui , Prada and im all about my quala i be all up in the mall ballin like it's no tomorrow (2x)

Show Out , Show Out , Show Out 
All i do is show out.
Inhale the kushhh
Then i blow out.
SS camero bitch watch me as i go out.
back to the crib wit yo gurl and i go out.
We dont even go out all she do is hoe out.
I dont even know her and i fucked her what you know bout...that?
see all she know is roscoe got dem racks.
and my meat between her buns 
like a fuckin big mac and everytime she
place her order 
i beat her to the porter
i get heads and tails like both sides of the quarter
shawty bad she expensive 
so you probably couldn't afford her.
but everytime i see her in crunch
time i be in the fourth quarter
and im gone.

Everywhere I go I , play to win ( i go i) i got lots of guala , let me show you how i show out.(2x) Gucci , Loui , Prada and im all about my quala i be all up in the mall ballin like it's no tomorrow (2x)

Show out , All i do is Show out
watch me while i show out
roscoe dash i show out
Show Out , Show Out , Show Out!
Show Out ,  Show Out ,  Show Out!

Show Out , Show Out , Show Out!
Show Out ,  Show Out ,  Show Out!
Show Out , Show Out , Show Out!
Show Out ,  Show Out.---Lyrics submitted by Deonette.



Submit Corrections



 
