

Well I stepped off the bus in Memphis
And stumbled into the first saloon I could find
I bellied up to the rail and I summoned my barkeep
I ordered up tequila, some salt and a lime
And she said, "Son, you ain't from around here, is ya?"
And I said politely, "No, no ma'am, I ain't"
And she said, "Sonny, let me give you a bit of friendly Southern advice, 
We don't use that junk around here for nothin' 'cept, well, maybe thinnin' out paint"

And she said, "Son, why don't you just take a look around and tell me what you see."
Well I saw a lot of white-felt Stetson hats and gatorskin boots
You know, and every Southern man who had a lady on his arm was drinkin' whiskey.   

So I said, "I do not wish to be out of order ma'am, I am not a tramp or a bum.
The dusty Mexican border lounge is where I've just come from.
And, with all due respect and deference, tequila is my preference."

So she said "Relax, honey, you know I would never treat you wrong."
And then she poured me up three fingers of that old Number 7.
She said "Rest assured, darlin', if we're drinkin' it down here in Dixie,
That's 'cause that's what they're pourin' up in Heaven."
And I said "Ma'am, your hospitality is well intentioned,
Yes I know, you mean to treat me well. It's just that
Where I come from (born and raised in Arizona, don't you know)
Me an' my friends be more likely to be found drinkin' what they serve down in hell."

And she said, "Son, why don't you just take a look around and tell me what you see."
Well, I saw a lot of furrowed brows under them white-felt Stetson hats, and
Every Southern man who had a lady on his arm was lookin' kinda angry.

So I said, "I do not wish to be out of order, gents, I am not a tramp or a bum.
The dusty Mexican border lounge is where I've just come from.
And, with all due respect and deference, tequila is my preference."

(Okay, Scotty J., take it away!)

So she said, "Hey, look, you little pole-cat, you better knock that whiskey back
Before us Southern folks get angry, we come an' skin ya to the bone.
An' I ain't exactly sure how that old sayin' goes, boy, but I do know it underscores the fact
That you best be drinkin' what the Romans drink 
When you're drinkin' down in Rome."
And I said "Ma'am, I can see that you just do not understand,
And I've been tryin' to get a proper drink outta this bar now the WHOLE DAMN NIGHT!
So kindly set me up that tequila, honey
Let me get it in my blood
And I will take you an' your whisky-sippin' Southern boys 
up on that there fight."

And she said, "Son, why don't you just take yourself a look around, and tell me what you see."
Well I saw a lotta grindin' teeth, and I saw a lotta clinchin' fists out there, and
Every Southern man who once was over there sittin' at the bar
was up an' comin' after me.

So I said, "I do not wish to be out of order here, gentlemen,
I am not a tramp, and I am not a bum.
The dusty Mexican border lounge is where I just come from, and with All due respect and deference,
Yeah, with all due respect and deference, mmmm,
With all due respect and deference...

Gentlemen, kindly do not throw me out ass backwards for hankerin' for a less civilized spirit, why don't I just mosey on along and find my tequila on my way... back...
West."

Adios, rogando y con o mas rodando. 
Katie, bar the door, pass the gunpowder, and praise the Lord, and as I make haste, yet slowly, to mis amigos you may deem lowly and unholy, I will tell them what I've learned.
Though I've been gulagged and I've been spurned,
si a Roma fueres haz como vieres, or,
When in Rome, do as the Romans do. But Memphis, why not try something new, and when the barbarians arrive here at your gate, treat us not with fear and hate, for we come not to conquer, or be rude, but to raise a glass and say
"Salud".---Lyrics submitted by Kristina Misch.



Submit Corrections



 
