

Come away come away with the traveling show
Come away with the raggle taggle gypsy oh!
We'll raggle-taggle here we'll raggle-taggle there,
Raggle up and down taggle everywhere.

From the North from the South from the East from the West,
Well the sky is our roof and the road is our rest.
No one to say 'yes', no one to say 'no'.
Run free with the raggle-taggle gypsy oh!

They locked you in a tower and threw away the key but this tower's
No match for a wag like me
I'll be sneaking through your gate I'll be peaking round the corner
Well I've come to take your daughter, don't you say I didn't warn ya.

I'll be bringing you a fiddle I'll be singing you a song we'll fiddle,
Sing, sing, fiddle all day long.

In the halls and the walls they will her us sing and say
"whack fol the diddle diddle die diddle day"

Chorus:
Come on and wade, way out into the water with me,
We're drowning on dry land.
Come on and wade way out into the water with me...
Jump in and take my hand.

I'll be rapping at your window I'll be knocking at your door
I'll be tip tippy tapping, tippy tapping on the floor
With me fine silk britches and a feather in me hat
If I run into your father then I'll stop and have a chat!
Cutting through your garden on the way to rendezvous
And the owls in the trees are hooting "who are you?"
And the mice and the cats and the spiders and the bats
We're dancing 'round the kitchen like a pack of acrobats

Run away, Run away with the traveling show
Run away with the rambling gypsy oh!

Come on and wade, way out into the water with me,
We're drowning on dry land.
Come on and wade way out into the water with me...
Jump in and take my hand.

A roving and a running and a riding on the sea and
Everywhere we go as happy as can be
All the mountains and the valleys and the rivers and the streams,
All the lovely places that you've seen in your dreams
I'll give you the heavens, the stars in the sky, every wooded creature,
Every bird and butterfly
I've never had a fotune not a penny will you find
You're my one and only treasure,
You can leave all the rest behind.

Come on and wade, way out into the water with me,
We're drowning on dry land.
Come on and wade way out into the water with me...
Jump in and take my hand.---Lyrics submitted by Gabrielle Lindy.



Submit Corrections



 
