

I was walking down the street when out the corner of my eye, 
I saw a pretty little thing approaching me. 
She said I never seen a man, who looks so all alone,
Oh could you use a little company? 
If you pay the right price, your evening will be nice,
And you can go and send me on my way, 
I said your such a sweet young thing, why'd you do this to yourself? 
She looked at me and this is what she said. 

"Oh there ain't no rest for the wicked,
Money don't grow on trees,
I got bills to pay, I got mouths to feed,
There ain't nothing in this world for free. 
Oh no I can't slow down, 
I can't hold back,
Though you know I wish I could,
Ah no there ain't no rest for the wicked,
Until we close our eyes for good."

Not even 15 minutes later, 
After walking down the street,
When I saw the shadow of a man creep out out of sight, 
And then he swept up from behind,
He put a gun up to my head, 
He made it clear he wasn't looking for a fight,
He said give me all you've got, 
I want your money not your life, 
If you try to make a move I won't think twice, 
I told him you can have my cash, 
But first you know I've got to ask,
What made you want to live this kind of life? 

He said, "there ain't no rest for the wicked,  
Money don't grow on trees, 
I got bills to pay, I got mouths to feed 
There ain't nothing in this world for free. 
Oh no I can't slow down, 
I can't hold back,
Though you know I wish I could 
Ah no there ain't no rest for the wicked, 
Until we close our eyes for good."

Well now a couple hours past,
And I was sitting in my house, 
The day was winding down and coming to an end,
And so I turned on the TV, 
And flipped it over to the news,
And what I saw I almost couldn't comprehend,
I saw a preacher man in cuffs,
He'd taken money from the church, 
He stuffed his bank account with righteous dollar bills,
But even still I cant say much because I know we're all the same, 
Oh yes We all seek out to satisfy those thrills 

You know there ain't no rest for the wicked, 
Money don't grow on trees, 
We got bills to pay,
We got mouths to feed
And ain't nothing in this world for free. 
Oh no We cant slow down, 
We cant hold back 
Though you know we wish we could 
Oh no there ain't no rest for the wicked, 
Until we close our eyes for good.---Lyrics submitted by chris.



Submit Corrections



 
