

Ooooh de Winter laat Yisblueme blhje uf dym Fnschterglas
Und d' Birke biege d' Escht vor dir, sy schwr vom Schnee ond nass,
De Wg zu dyre Huustr isch pfadet vo Fuessabdrck
Wele vo dene wo da dre sy hett cht htt das Glck
Sich drfe vo dir laa z'verwhne, dy Gnschtling chnne z'sy?
Ond wenn, oh Ramona, hesch du de Zyt fr me?

Oh, winter lets ice flowers bloom on your widow pane
And the birch trees, heavy and wet from the snow, bow for you.
There are footprints to your door
Which one of those who walked there has the chance
To be spoiled by you , to be your favorite?
But then, oh Ramona, when will you have time for me?

Jetzt wo d'Ncht so lng sy o d'Dunkelheit so gross
Sy d'Hochstapler y de Discothek o l de Tfel loos.
Y weiss, do besch zwschedrinne, zwsche dr Bni o dr Bar
Und schttlisch fr die Playboys diny g'lockte Haar,
Ond sy lnd d'Drinks lo schpringe, sy chmmere sich um dich,
Aber wenn, oh Ramona, hesch du de Zyt fr me?

Now when the nights are endless and the darkness overwhelming
The high rollers are in the Disco, raising hell,
I know that you are in between the stage and the bar
And shake for all those playboys your long and curly hair,
And the offer you drinks on end, they seem to care for you,
But when, oh Ramona, when will you have time for me?

Am Fyrabe dusse wartet der Ami-Schlitte scho,
Dy Typ, r risst dyr d'Tre-n-uuf aus wr sy Schtrnschtund choo.
Wenn du dy hey lasch fahre in Nerz, Gold, und so adrett
Zu dyre chinesische Syde und zu dym franzsische Bett,
Ja, dyny Polyeschter-Wlt, sy esch paraat fr de,
Aber wenn, oh Ramona, hesch du de Zyt fr me?

And when the the night is over his Nig Rig waits out front  (Nig Rig = N-Schlitten ;-))
Your guy jerks the door open for you as though  his day of glory has come
And when you let him drive you home, in mink and gold, so neat
Back to your Chinese Silk and your French bed,
Yeah, your polyester world is ready, I see,
But when, oh Ramona, when will you have time for me?

(Instrumental)

Sg, wenn, oh Ramona, hesch du de Zyt fr me?
Say, oh Ramona, when will you have time for me?

Und wenn s'TV-Programm fertig esch und s'Chemine-Fr isch uus
Ond d'Fasnacht esch scho lang dre, dr Schnee verschwunde vorem Huus
Wenn dyny Kavaliere sy ggange ond d'Champagner-Gleser sy lr,
Wenn d'Tage lenger wrde o dr Frelig chont drhr,
Ond wenn y chome und fraage, was wird dyny Antwort sy?
Sg, hesch do, Ramona, hesch do de Zyt fr me?

Oooh, ooh Ramona, hesch do de Zyt fr me?

And when the TV program has ended (it's an old song, in the sixties, there were no TV programs after 2 am :-))
And the chimney fire is down
And carnival is a long time over and the snow in front of your house has disappeared,
When your lovers are gone and the Champagne glasses are empty,
When the days are getting longer and springtime comes around
And I'll be coming and asking, what will your answer be?
Tell me, oh Ramona, when will you have time for me?---Lyrics submitted by Gunnar Jauch.



Submit Corrections



 
