

Did it hurt when you fell down from heaven? 
It's stupid to use the words others spend time to achieve.
When the words that we're needing are inside us all somewhere,
Waiting for rescues, they need to be free.
It's a lie not to listen, and seem pessimistic 
When things that we need to say fall through the cracks,
Like: I love you, I miss you, and, I hate life without you,
Where have you been, my love, I want you back..

Chorus:  
So I dont feel alone in the world, 
Baby, yeah, you're hard to get over, we're older.
It's just a little lie we tell all ourselves, in itself. 
Promise me, let's never get older.

So I don't miss the feeling of left in the cold,
And this feeling of healing as long since been old 
I find times when I'm missing, times you convinced me.
I don't need somebody to hold my hand softly
And tell me she's wishing, I wish she was with me 
'Cause I know now I'm drifting 
I'm cleansed yet I'm missing the voice of an angel,
The voice of an angel.
whoa whoaa..

chorus:
So I don't feel alone in the world (Leave it up to me to blow this whole thing aside)
And baby yeah you're hard to get over (And think of nothing like we're nothing but we're young and alive)
We're older, it's just a little lie we tell all ourselves in itself (The clock on your wall isn't moving at all let's go out, lets break out, get a room, a hotel.)
Promise me let's never get older, (Baby, I'm not saying that I'll love you forever)
Let's get older (Hell who am I kidding 'cause we're perfect together)
Let's never get older (Notice that when we talk I can't help but stutter)
Let's never get older (You're too perfect for words I just want you forever.)
Let's never get older.

So I don't feel alone in the world
And, baby, yeah, you're hard to get over, we're older
It's just a little lie we tell all ourselves in itself 
Promise me let's never get older, 
Let's get older
Let's never get older
Let's never get older
Let's never get older.---Lyrics submitted by Odessa Kaelin.



Submit Corrections



 
