

Ill live to see a million things, that men were never meant to see,
My senses and my faculties, I'll augment with machinery,
Auditory, optical, touch and taste olfactory,
Converted into data streams and floating bits of binary,
Every piece of food you taste and every thought you cogitate,
Every sound that you can hear and sight you see for years and years,
All stored up so conveniently on peta-bytes of memory,
So you can always reference them in case you forget anything.

Singularity (singularity!), Singularity (singularity, oh. I don't know.)
Singularity (singularity!), Singularity (singularity, oh. I don't know.)

Now once all that experience can fit into an easy grid,
existence is no longer something mentally projected,
The wires that you have inside are very easily realized,
Through artificial imaging you duplicate 10 at a time,
Your consciousness can be enjoyed by anyone forever more,
And you live in whatever state that you or anyone creates,
You could be giant squirrel, a statue or a talking cat,
The Goodyear blimp, an etch-a-sketch, An octopus or a brain-in-a-bat,
You'd keep all the memories and feelings that you ever want,
And now you can commence your life as an uploaded extropian.

Singularity (singularity!), Singularity (singularity, oh. I don't know.)
Singularity (singularity!), Singularity (singularity, oh. I don't know.)

My mother is so horrified by this post-human fantasy,
She says we'd lose that special thing that makes us human beings be,
But I dont know Im not so sure if humans are so good and pure,
Perhaps wed be much better off if we took these violent bodies off,

Once everyone is in the cloud well move beyond this earthly ground,
Expanding into outer space as an informational signal race,
Matter in the solar system converts into computing mass,
And the sun becomes a central orb of a brain that grows into the vast
Expanse of space and emptiness for light years and light centuries,
It replicates exponentially like a Russian doll in a cosmic dream,
Once every spot of the universe is filled up it will promptly burst,
Eradicating finally the experiment that we grew from earth,
As it explodes the brain will breathe into the dark impossibly,
and anti-matter all around will collapse the universe back down,
and right away what you would see if you were a fly in the vacancy is,
All the light and color in the universe is collapsing,

And time would stop
...

And from a tiny pinhead point a massive bang erupts in the space
And trillions of new particles fly away at a photonic pace...
And once again the clock would start to tick and tock and tick and tock and
Years would pass, billions or more before the tiny proteins locked,
And yet again in the boiling seas of a minuscule blue anomaly,
A planet floating helplessly around a tiny ball so fiery,
an unextraordinary corner of the universe would cradle it,
The flicker of intelligence that led us here and brought us this...

Singularity (singularity!), Singularity (singularity, oh. I don't know)
Singularity (singularity!), Singularity (singularity, oh. I don't know)
Singularity (singularity!), Singularity (singularity, oh. I don't know)
Oh. I don't know.
Oh. I don't know.
Oh. I don't know...---Lyrics submitted by Yusuf ElHassan.



Submit Corrections



 
