

[Verse 1]
I hate rich niggas goddammit
Cause I ain't never had a lot dammit
Who you had to kill, who you had to rob
Who you had to fuck just to make it to the top dammit.
Or maybe that's daddy money, escalator no ladder money
Escalating new caddy money
Worst fear going broke cause I'm bad with money.
Crookest smile nigga momma never had the money damn
I ain't trippin' a nigga Jordan I ain't Pippen yeah
Up the steps I ain't slippin'
Tears blood sweat I ain't crippin, Pierce
A song you can sing along with when you down
So I let you know you ain't alone shit
When your momma ain't at home cause she got a second job
Delivering pizzas you think she out there getting robbed
Please God watch her I know how niggas do
Half cracker but a nigga too
Talking all that shit 'bout your step-pops
How he was a dog now look at you
I ain't bad as that nigga plus dawg I'm a grown man now
I ain't mad at that nigga
But if a plane crash and only it killed his lame ass
I'd be glad its that nigga
Did Kate dirty now it's back to broke
Refund check she used that to float.
Momma gets depressed falls in love with the next maniac
On crack use that to cope.
Make a nigga smoke a whole sack of dope
Writing rhymes tryna bring back the hope
Try to ride the storm out and crash the boat could of drowned
But I grabbed the rope

There go you (x3)
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew(x3)

[Hook: (x2)]
You got what I want
I got what you need
How much for your soul and uh
How much for your soul and uh

[Verse 2]
I hate rich niggas goddammit
Cause I ain't never had a lot dammit
Niggas can't front on the flows you got
But every fucking verse how much dough you got
Homie, don't quit now hear my shit and tried to switch now.
Know you felt the shit just now, know you felt the shit just now
Ain't it more to you? Don't it ever get boring to you?
I realize deep down you a coward getting high off of power
Fuck it more to you, so I threw you
And it made me ashamed that I played the game
Not for more money like Damon Wayons
Wanted the respect but it came with fame
I just wanted love but it just ain't the same
I took a train down memory lane
And watching little Jermaine do his thang before he made a name
It's like ? Basquiat
He gave it all he got now the nigga don't paint the same.
I guess he can't complain
All the money that be raining in
Spend a hundred thou for the chain again
Thinking old school niggas like Dana Dane
Probably kill for another claim to fame
My brain the same, yeah nigga at least he ain't insane
You ain't crazy motherfucker you just afraid of change.
That's new, maybe that's true
But listen here I got a bigger fear
Of one day that I become you.
And I become lost and I become heartless
And numb from all the Mnages
Just one bitch don't feel the same no more
And Henny don't really kill the pain no more
Now I'm Cobain with a shotgun aimed at my brain
Cause I can't maintain no more.
Tad bit extreme I know.
Money can't save your soul.
But there go you

There go you
There go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
And nigga who you (x3)
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew

[Hook]

How much for your soul and uh---Lyrics submitted by Nani Santos.



Submit Corrections



 
