

F.R.E.A.K!

this is for my tail cloppers, males stalkers, ass shaker, cash makers,
who blast vegas, yo this is for the freaks baby patite ladys even my sellulite ladys, this is tech n9ne baby!

when i was five years old my uncle snuck me into a drive in show,
got in without paying i hid behind jimmy and babe row,
a triple ex flick diddnt even know what i was in for.

yo i seen some things that made me feel kida funny inside, i seen some things that my momma wouldnt want me to see at this size,
i seen some stuff home boyz in the back were huffin and puffin windows foggy didnt know
when i came of age id be gluttin for muffins homeboy when i seen this i really mean this

(i was really shocked)
and my team mate was really fiendish
(it got really hot)

fealing blanket a lil squimish
(i didnt want it to stop)
my uncle said now chance dont piss your pants evrybody laughed that was there to watch.

went back to school yo the next day,
didnt look at home girlz, the same way,
started askin neighbors can they girlz come out to play instead of hide and go seek its hide and go get it with no delay.

i grew this thing called freaky aw sex on my brain its was the best thing, 
i cought it when i was young and aunry just a baby havin nasty dreams.
i heard it was a zodiac thing they say scorpios are know to be freaks,
i see somthing lookin good i say dwaam (dwaam)and when i see that ass hop i get gee!(get gee!)

time kept on movin on my shellish clothes, 
fly looking at young girlyz singing a tailess woe,
i already sinning hopin that hell is cold, 
n9ne lost his virginity when he was twelve years old

with a girl name marleen,
me and her were starving,
for eachother under the covers cooped up like sardins,
my hard thing started barging thaught it was retarded when it spit on her
we started to arguing.

heres a message to the young folks,
(dont try this at home)
dont start in earlie like tech n9ne
(wait till you are grown)

when i was in high school i would wake up in the morning after i took a shower,
id put on a non lubircated condom cuz it could be on at any hour.

and my brain is like a disease,(disease)
i see a fine girl walking by im on her like freaze(freaze,freaze)
i aint got to let her know im right here so i got chease(chease,chease)
all she gotta do is look into my eyez get her hypnotised and watch her open them legs.

i grew this thing called freaky aw sex on my brain it was the best thing.
i caught it when i was young and aunry just a baby havin nasty dreams,
i heard it was a zodiac thing they say scorpios are known to be freaks,
i see somthin looking good i say dwaam(dwaam) and when i see that ass hop i get gee(get gee).

now adayz im up up in adult clubs
(i can not shake it)
pretty women i wanna givem more love
(i cannot fake it)
freaky viris who got me off of lust when
(thats when you bring us)
got me lovin really big bustin
(that cunnalingus)

i still be watchin pornos eatin digornos
my hormones been running wild since the day i was borno

tossed ya funky donkey in the kitchen and my posta 
on the sink we breaking dishes micheal dougles and glen closa

do you really wanna get up in the bed with a pshyco sex fiend,
and if you dont wanna do it in the flesh we can do it in a wet dream

im gonna get up in ya brain no pain it'll be me and you (cha cha)
in a minute before i get in it, im gonna telk you boo what i really wanna do
i wanna hhhiiiiyyyaaa eat you out (gibberish musice played backwords)

i grew this thing called freaky aw sex on my brain it was the best thing,
i caught it when i was young and aunry just a baby havin nasty dreams
i heard i was a zodiac thing they say scorpio's are know to be freaks
i see somthing looking good i say dwaam(dwaam) and when i see that ass hop i get gee(get gee)

SCORPIO

AQUARIUS

GEMINI

CANCER

LEO

VIRGO

LIBRA

TAURUS

CAPRICORN

SAGITTARIUS

PISCES

ARIES

I SEE SOMTHIN LOOKING GOOD I SAY DWAAM, AND WHEN I SEE THAT HOP I GET GEE.---Lyrics submitted by kelly.



Submit Corrections



 
