

(VERSE 1)
WAKE UP!
This is the real deal not a test
Now society is calling out an SOS
Get down on the ground, put the earth to your ear
You feel that sound? Thats revolution you hear

Welcome to the greatest battle of all time
Weve just officially been targeted by our own kind 
The time has arrived now were sounding the alarm
Man up, grab your loved ones, get everybody armed

Prime all the triggers and try to remain calm
As we gather all the weapons and prepare the bomb
Now we got it on lockdown, were ready to go,
Get on the radio, send it out, let everybody know

The threat is getting closer, the sky is turning gray
Its right on the horizon, today is the day
Its within the city limits rolling fast like a mist
Now were caught up in the midst, this is it: 
The Apocalypse

Since the very beginning of mankind
In every generation, every era in time
There has always come an instant where we must define 
Who we are as a people when we must cross the line

This is that moment, now youre gonna find
Exactly what youre really made of inside
When comes right down to it what you gonna choose
To proudly hold your ground or just lie down and lose?

The brave at the frontlines, ready for war
The enemy approaching outside the door
Dust off your voice box, time to be heard
And as the gate drops 
Well be screaming these words:

(CHORUS)
This is our world, our streets, our war
Our lives  This is what we fight for
Our choice  to make the wrong things right with
Our voice  We bring day to the night

This is our world, our streets, our war
Our lives  This is what we fight for
Our choice  Were the voice of the globe
Turn up the volume so everybody knows
This is Our World

(Ladies and gentlemen: May we please have your undivided attention as our featured guest speaker now takes the stage)

(VERSE 2)
Camaraderie is an oddity now in this age
Silence becomes violence when its mixed with rage
Tragedies and death; they say its all a phase
Society lying to me: 
Its on the front page

Homicides, genocides, cant run the streets
If you saggin and you flaggin its cold; you keep heat
I understand your plan; be strong not weak
My gut feelin is this killin goin make us obsolete

Lets defy not rely on negativity
We gotta makeover, takeover these communities
Analyze, capitalize, opportunities
Speaking of change aint strange 
It all starts with me and you. So what you gonna do?
Close your eyes and just glide till your life it through?
Weve got work to do.  Were gonna start  know how?
By saying these words right here
Right Now!  

(REPEAT CHORUS)

(You gonna stand by and just let somebody run your life? You gonna let somebody tell you what to do? This is your world; You make the rules, you make the difference)

(VERSE 3)
You think one man dont make a difference, think again
Cause I just started an army picking up a pen

This begins a global collaboration
To take the whole world and make but one nation
This aint no imitation what you hearing is elite
Thats why everything stops when you hear us speak

Oh! Back to the mission at hand, weve got a plan
Take the message that were sending and spread it across the land

Its in black and white, its been written, been read
Now let every single syllable settle into your head

As it slowly resonates from your mind to your feet
Well make the earthquake from stomping this beat

Cause if youre hearing this right now the battles been won
Its spreading my friend, The Takeover Has Begun---Lyrics submitted by A W.



Submit Corrections



 
