

(feat. Nik and Jay)

White lotus, black vanilla lust.
Brand new opus, still nobody we trust but us, brave heart lovers.
Why don't we take their hate and put it in the graveyard?
Soon see you in the secret spot at noon.
In an orange haze, it's too all these days, so we cooking up some new shit.
You're the fire in my eyes, you're my revolution.
It ain't no rocket science, it's just give and take.
Copenhagen karma, state of mind.
We levitate, elevate, we escape the gates of hell.
So we celebrate.
You and I, like swans in the sky in V shape.
Peace out, we great, uh huh.
We ain't trying to hurt nobody, we just flying.

You're my fire
You're my rain
You're my shelter from the world when I'm in pain
You're my railing when I need to fall
You carry me, you carry me home (endlessly)

I went from skating and making songs in my homies basements,
to heavy rotation on radio stations.
Now the whole nation is debating.
Some hating, some say it's amazing.
It's the same old song.
Gravitation, I need to stay grounded.
I've been patient, but finally I found it.
Lost in a place where I didn't belong.
Guidelines and your beautiful eyes brought me home.
When it's right there you gotta hold onto it, make no mistakes.
And I was falling for you slowly like a snowflake.
And I put everything into it, baby no brakes.
ow go ahead, we can do this like soul mates.

They can have my seat back at the front row,
cause tonight we plan seeing that this love grows.
And it give me the chills, let us see forever like strawberry fields.

You're my fire
You're my rain
You're my shelter from the world when I'm in pain
You're my railing when I need to fall
You carry me, you carry me home

I'm giving up all control, somebody take the wheel.
Used to be a lost soul, oh
A million dreams out there, you give me something real
Save me, save me

You're my fire
You're my flame
Hands up, no we don't lie, I got a shortcut to the sky

You're my fire
You're my rain
You're my shelter from the world when I'm in pain
You're my railing when I need to fall
You carry me, you carry me home

Keep moving, keep keep moving tonight
This is where I'm going
This is where I'm home
And the whole world feel that

Keep moving, keep keep moving tonight
This is where I'm going
This is where I'm home---



Submit Corrections



 
