

(Hello?)
Hello babe, what's happening, you cool?
(Ah yeah you alright? What's happening?)
Yeah I'm good, what's goin' on?
(Yeah, nothing er chillin')
Alright, what you up to later?
(Oh yeah about that, um, 
dya know what I'm really busy can I call you back?)
This aint so stereotypical man, 
not for a stereotypical man, 
It should be me that wants to get rid of you
 instead its you that dont give a damn (what?)
 It was meant to be a one night ting,
 nothing more than a little one night fling,
 now when Im in need youre the one I ring I (I need you tonight) 

But shes playing hard to get,
 brunette with such class shes hard to forget, 
see at first I wasnt after her heart
 but I couldnt stop thinking about her after I left. 
Im beginning to lose my cool,
 it appears in love I have fallen (whoops!)
 Im ready to put my all in and all she does is ignore my calls!


Shes everything I want, but all that I dont need 
How can she be so hot, yet be so cold to me 
How can it be so wrong, and yet it feels so right 
I wish I never, but I need you tonight! 

This lady is driving me crazy, 
she blows hot and cold like the AC.
 I just cant figure her out next time Im with her
 Im pinning her down (Oi)
 Im gonna find out if shes on it or not (not, not) 
cos all of this s*** is long (long, long)
 See I front like Im okay but Im not,
 Im being played at my own game and its long (long blud). 
I aint no Idiot, Im pro Im no intermediate
 so next time she phones me I ain't even gonna pick up the phone
 to speak in it (ring) nope, swear down, 
(ring) wait a minute, thats her now..

(hello?) 
(I really wanna see you today)
Find More lyrics at www.sweetslyrics.com
(Alright, just give me a time and a place and i'm there) 

CHORUS: 
Shes everything I want, but all that I dont need 
How can she be so hot, yet be so cold to me 
How can it be so wrong, and yet it feels so right 
I wish I never, but I need you tonight! 

I need you, I need you 
I need you, I need you 
I need you, I want you, 
wont stop until Ive got you, 
theres nothing that I wont do,
I need you tonight,

Look, I aint never been the type to be this (no) 
I aint never been the type to be with, 
she's exposin a side of me that, 
Im tryna fight, Im tryna hide! 
My pride, Im tryna find it,
 but aint seen it Im an edjit,
 I know I cant help it im fiending! 
(I need you tonight) 


Shes everything I want, but all that I dont need 
(I am...in a bad place)
How can she be so hot, yet be so cold to me 
(this stuff don't happen to me, I'm me!)
How can it be so wrong, and yet it feels so right 
I wish I never, but I need you tonight! 
(Swear down, It's just a song, in real life this would never 
happen to me, I am a pimp, women chase me, i do not chase women)
I need you, I need you
(I swear down) 
I need you, I need you tonight---Lyrics submitted by jessica.



Submit Corrections



 
