

I grew up Catholic, Catholic
Every Sunday, Every Sunday
My dad made us get up, go to mass. 
And you had to get up at like what, quarter to five in the morning.
Ya know cause you wanted good seats. Ha Ha
There was so many things to remember to when you got there,
Ya know there was like little moves.
Nobody knew the moves.
Nobody knew, like what was that one.......
Nobody knew, Nobody looked at each other,
" What is this?"
Tried to make it up as you go.
There was peace.peace is when you would, you would shake the hands of all the people around you.
The only reason you knew peace was coming was cause the priest would say peace like 5 times rapid fire.
You'd hear him he'd be like, "And the peaceful desciple said, my peace I leave, my peace I give to you. As we ate Reese's Pieces with the Lord." And he said, " I have a peace of lint in my peaceful eye."
But you know what you were doing when he was doing his little peace rap.
You were looking around for people whos hands you are not gunna shake.
This was church and your like, " No f*** that guy." 
Here he comes, " No peace be with you, I'm all set. Peace be with you. I said I'm all set, I'm doing my thing, I got a lot of people. Peace off. PEace be with you. Don't let go, you do not let go of me."
Then it was like snack time right in the middle of mass.
Yeah right in, right out of nowhere the priest would look down and be like, "Let's have some yum yums. I've made snacks.
You would get in line, you would jump in the line.
And you would go up and get the ah you know the Cruton-O-Christ. A Jes-it.
You could take it different ways too it was like little games, you play little games. You know when you went to the front of the line it was your turn to get it, you know.
Depending on how you felt that day.
You could either....or,or if you were really really tired just, "Ahhhhh, Lords a little stale today. Check the date on that Lord."
He had a whole bowl of them too. He had a whole bowl.
And he was like this......And i got mad cause he kept them like this.
So i used to always wanna mess with the priest, you know.
When it was my turn to get to the front of the line, I'd be like, "Alalalalala, Your move holy man. Chose wisely."
He had a whole bowl. i always wanted to like grab them, you know.
Just grab the bowl run hame and like add milk like, you know. 
Eat it like Christ Chex.
That'd be, That'd be great if that was a real cereal, "Start your day off the holy way with Christ Chex. The miracle of them all."
Open up the box it was like, "Haaaaaa"
Little angel flies out, "Good Morning. Life is beautiful."---Lyrics submitted by Nick.



Submit Corrections



 
