

"Battle Ready"

KUAN!!

simple souls overload as I explode data banks
'cause the earth & space gave birth to this paleface

supreme -- linguistic -- mental machine
your brain cells swell - the intellects extreme

fire fills my veins as I proclaim my resistance
to the mind-swapping parasites that feed off my existence

as I -- skin the burn to relearn the royal plan
somewhere out beyond the edges in the depths of spirit land

it's authentic, apocalyptic destroyer
damaging challengers -- resurrection, disorder

a monument of crisis - I strike this - your dead
line my nest with your soul -- cleansed in bloodshed

[chorus:]
BATTLE READY!
poets gonna take control
BATTLE READY
souls violate parole
BATTLE READY
violently invade your home
-- breaking the bones
OF THOSE WHO OPPOSE

commanding the mic -- striking up a verb-fest
mass destruction is my function - time to put it to the test

in combat --- attacking since way back
in the days I drew praise for the way that I slain facts

formulating flows in revolutionary science
it's the catastrophic prophet from the anarchist alliance

freaking techniques -- this creature of speech
ewe feels the fury of devastation 'cause ewe ewe tasted defeat

I'm alone on my throne in this universe of fear
royalty divides my soul -- in this role I'm revered

as the pinnacle -- lyrical master -- queen of disaster
I ruin brain fluid -- the UNKNOWN IS WHAT I'M AFTER

[chorus]

shaking up the world -- just like the 2nd coming of Christ
-- when I write -- thrice divine with this goddess sight

words will flow -- wounds will grow
ewe knows -- bones will be exposed from the force that I unload

it's THE SOUL EATER!! -- mic bleeder with the voice of chaos
I got the nectar of the gods flowing from my mental pod

gather the flock -- alarm your block
tell them the shepherds have come & got the keys to unlock

a holy war -- through your veins it courses
more lyrical artillery than the armed forces

supernatural -- styles be volatile
it's the mind manipulator -- the WAR CHILD

[chorus]

[bridge]

COME!
SHADOW SOLDIERS!

we came to defy - living life as a lie
we embryonic satellites need our freedom to fly

TO WATCH DIE! -- agonizing cries are heard in stereo
I'm visualizing battlefield scenarios

in the line of fire -- watching empires fall
into attack position -- ELIMINATE ALL!!!

MY SPECIES!!!

[chorus]

[outro]
MY SPECIES!
NO SURRENDER! ---Lyrics submitted by Jordan.



Submit Corrections



 
