

You're a jerk (x15) 
                     You're a jerk,(i know)  
                     You're a jerk, (i know) 
                     You're a jerk, (i know)
                     You're a jerk, jerk, jerk, jerkin.  


        Jeeerkk 
I'm so cocky with it got my iced out clubs like rocky hit 
Got your girl on my swagg she lovin them jerkin songs 
Like the new ipod just touch it and turn her on 
And when the bass start beatin and the waist I'm beatin 
Done I got on my way I'm leavin she like where your goin I aint got my shoes and purse I said it's none of your concern and she yelled (your a jerk! )So I walked out the door called Ben J. told him it's a function he said Im on my way We pulled up to the party I take off my shirt and got geeked up everybody jerkin We was jerkin to the right jerkin to the left then she popped out of nowhere she was still half dressed She like fa real jerk you left me for this stuff the whole party heard her but all I could hear was 

Wah wah wah wah (your a jerk) 
Why you trippin I aint even do nothin(your a jerk) 
I?m a jerk you aint neva lie 
But aye do me a favor call me jerk one more time(your a jerk!) 
I know 
Your a jerk! (I know) [x6] 
Jerk jerk jerk (jerkin) 
Jerk jerk jerk(jerkin) 
Jerk jerk jerk(jerkin) 
Jerk jerk jerk(jerkin) 

Everything quiet and the bass real hard 
And I stay geeked up never been a retard got a new boy swagg 
And this here for yall so we gotta keep it separate like the jim crowe laws I'm a beast I'm a gang and I guess I'm a jerk and I go thru big rounds Cause ya boy here a flirt man you call me a bottle with your lil jerk lines Then you say you brought it up but the jerk is mine You squeezin I'm squeezin but yo style is wack 
Why you comin to the front you can push that back got ya girl on the side She talkin sum lil stuff while she textin on the phone Ben J. hit it rough So I did it was good and I quickly got dressed she was like where you goin There's another girl next she screamed out loud Ben J.(your jerk! )And I had nothing to say but sorry that it hurts 

Wah wah wah wah (your a jerk) 
Why you trippin I aint even do nothin(your a jerk) 
I'm a jerk you aint neva lie But aye do me 
a favor call me jerk one more time(your a jerk! ) 
I know 
Your a jerk! (I know) [x6] 

Your a jerk jerk jerk (jerkin) 

Jerk jerk jerk(jerkin) [x15] 

Excerpt i`m geeked up---Lyrics submitted by Nia.



Submit Corrections



 
