

We all know the girls that I am talking about.
Well they are time bombs and they are ticking 
And the only question's when they'll blow up! 
And they'll blow up, we know that without a doubt. 
Cause they're those girls, yeah, you know those girls 
That let their emotions get the best of them. 
GO!!! 

And I've contrived some sort of a plan 
To help my fellow man... 

Let's get emotional girls to all wear mood rings 
So we'll be tipped off to when they're ticked off 
Cause we'll know just what they're thinking, 
Just what they're thinking... 

She's so pretty but she doesn't always act that way. 
Her moods are swinging on the swing set almost everyday. 
She said to me that she's so happy it's depressing 
And all I said was "Someone get that girl a mood ring!" 

If it's drama you want, then look no further; 
They're like the Real World meets Boy Meets World 
meets Days of Our Lives. 
And it just kills me how they get away with murder; 
They'll anger you then bat their eyes 
Those pretty eyes that watch you sympathize 
GO!!! 

And I've contrived some sort of a plan 
To help my fellow man... 

Let's get emotional girls to all wear mood rings 
So we'll be tipped off to when they're ticked off 
Cause we'll know just what they're thinking, 
Just what they're thinking... 

She's so pretty but she doesn't always act that way 
Her moods are swinging on the swing set almost everyday 
She said to me that she's so stressed out that it's soothing 
And all I said was "Someone get that girl a mood ring!" 

Cause when it's black means "watch your back" because you're probably 
The last person in the world right now she wants to see. 
And when it's blue it means you should call her up immediately 
and ask her out because she'll most likely agree. 
And when it's green it simply means that she is really stressed. 
And when it's clear it means she's completely emotionless
And that's alright I must confess.

We all know the girls that I am talking about 
She liked you Wednesday, but now it's Friday 
And she has to wash her hair. 
And it just figures that we'll never figure them out.
Well, first she's Jekyll and then she's Hyde
At least she makes a lovely pair. 

Mood Ring, oh Mood Ring, 
oh tell me will you bring the key 
to unlock this mystery?
Of girls and their emotions,
Play it back in slow motion 
So I may understand 
The complex infrastructure known as the female mind.---Lyrics submitted by Michelle.



Submit Corrections



 
