

Andy: Lazy Sunday, wake up in the late afternoon, call Parnell just to see how he's doin.
Chris: Hello?
Andy: What up, Parns?
Chris: Yo, Samberg, what's crackin'?
Andy: You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?
Both: Narnia!
Andy: Man, it's happenin'.
Chris: But first my hunger pangs are stickin like duct tape.
Andy: Let's hit up Magnolia and mack on some cupcakes.
Chris: No doubt, that bakery's got all the bomb frostings.
Andy: I love those cupcakes like McAdams loves Gossling.
Chris: Two!
Andy: No, six!
Chris: No, twelve!
Both: Bakers' dozen!
Andy: I told you that I'm crazy for these cupcakes, cousin!
Chris: Yo, where's the movie playin'?
Andy: Up on west side, dude!
Chris: Well let's hit up Yahoo Maps to find the dopest route!
Andy: I prefer MapQuest.
Chris: That's a good one too.
Andy: Google maps is the best!
Chris: True that.
Both: Double true!

Andy: Yo, 68th to Broadway.
Chris: Step on it, sucka!
Andy: Whatcha wanna do Chris?
Both: Snack attack, muthafucka!
Both: The Chronic(what?)cles of Narnia.
Yes, the chronic(what?)cles of Narnia.
We love the chronic(what?)cles of Narnia.
Pass the chronic(what?)cles of Narnia.
Andy: Yo, stop at the deli, the theater's overpriced.
Chris: You got the back pack?
Andy: Gonna pack it up nice.
Chris: Don't want security to get suspicious!
Andy: Mr.Pibb and Red Vines equals crazy delicious!
Chris: Yo, reach in my pocket, pull out some dough.
Andy: Girl acted like she'd never seen a ten befo'.
Both: It's all about the Hamiltons, baby.
Andy: Throw the snacks in the bag,
Chris: And I'm a ghost like Swayze.
Chris: Roll up to the theater,
Andy: Ticket buyin', what we're handlin'
Chris: You can call us Aaron Burr,
Both: From the way we're droppin' Hamiltons.
Chris: Now parked in our seats, movie trivia's da illest.
Andy: Whose "Friends" alum starred in films with Bruce Willis?
Chris: We answered so fast it was scary.
Andy: Everyone stared in awe when we screamed
Both: Matthew Perry!
Andy: Now quiet in the theater or it's gonna get tragic.
Chris: We're about to get taken to a dream world of magic.
Both: The Chronic(what?)cles of Narnia
Yes, the chronic(what?)cles of Narnia
We love the chronic(what?)cles of Narnia
Pass the chronic(what?)cles of Narnia---Lyrics submitted by Leandra.



Submit Corrections



 
