

What is that Cristal?
No,
Dom P?
Hell no!
This is that Carlos Santana champagne,
Oh shit, Santana DVX? thats my joint.
Mine too, but a lot of these busters don't know about it.
Well lets tell these mother fuckers!

As a kid,
i used to lay awake and think,
when was Santana gonna make a drink?
but now I'm all grown and my dream came true.
Santana champagne from him to you.

From the heart of Napa Valley and the guitar king,
comes the sparkling wine to make a blind man sing,
Yo its the champagne from the man with the bandana,
I cant stand a food with anything but Santana

Whats the first name in champ?
Its Carlos!
And to that man i propose a toast
In the sixties he had lotsa freebie sex,
but now hes gettin down with the DVX.

Excuse me fellas,
Am i to understand that Carlos Santana has made a champagne?
Thats right mother fucker, here try it...
Alright,
Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh shhhitttt!

I feel alive for the first time,
Each sip hits my lip like a landmine,
Without Carlos in my life, I was livin a lie
He makes his guitar weep, but his champagne cry!
Hes a southwest, tie-wearin bolo-champ
Comin straight out the box with a bowl o champ
Yo he a beast with the sugar and yeast, mix it in pots
Like the way his release mixes jazz, blues and pop
Add the sauce of fusion, his ladies super deucing (?)
And he teamed with Rob Thomas for a music revolution
On the seventh day, its been said God rests,
But on the eighth day he made the DVX!

Gentlemen, gentlemen what is all the hub-ub about?
Carlos Santana?!
Thats right I see you bitches is enjoying my sparkling wine
We certainly are
Well be careful because this shit will get you fucked up!
Bitch!

Im like no other, one of a kind, my sparkling wine
Santana DVX make you wanna have sex
Im rich bitch, Im having my chips
Get laid all the time, by seventies chicks
Won hella Grammies, bitches throw me their panties
Im prolly your daddy, probly nutted in your mammy
Im a Bay boy, city life, been around the corner
Try to play me foul and my vipersll run up on ya
A legend, a boss, thats what I are
Accidentally pimped, tryna be killin the guitar
Not young enough to know better, but young enough to not care
I get actin, might slap a bitch with my hair
West coast, up top I bang that shit
I fucked her line and popped Cristal on her lip
Cant stop, wont stop getting my bread
Arenas and coliseums, now watch me shred

OH CARLOS SANTANA!

A monkey drank a bottle and learned to speak
A squid drank a bottle and became a freak
A lion drank a bottle and forgot how to growl
A horse drank a bottle, and fucked a cow---Lyrics submitted by Leandra.



Submit Corrections



 
