

Saturday night, and you're still hangin' around.
Tired of living in your one-horse town.
You'd like to find a little hole in the ground,
For awhile.
So you go to the Village in your tie-dyed jeans.
And you stare at the junkies and the closet queens.
It's like some pornographic magazine,
And you smile.

But Captain Jack will get you high tonight,
And take you to your special island.
Captain Jack will get you by tonight.
Just a little push, and you'll be smilin'.

Your sister's gone out,she on a date.
You just sit at home and masturbate.
Your phone is gonna ring soon, but you just can't wait
For that call.
So you stand on the corner in your new English clothes.
And you look so polished, from your hair down to your toes.
Ah but still, your finger's gonna pick your nose
After all.

But Captain Jack will get you high tonight,
And take you to your special island.
Captain Jack will get you by tonight.
Just a little push, and you'll be smilin'.

So you decide to take a, holiday.
You got your tape deck and your brand new Chevrolet.
Ah, there ain't no place to go anyway.
What for?
So you got everything, aww, but nothing's cool.
They just found your father in the swimming pool.
And you guess you won't be going back to school
Anymore.

But Captain Jack will get you high tonight,
And take you to your special island.
Ohh Captain Jack will get you by tonight.
Just a little push, and you'll be smilin'.

So you play your albums, and you smoke your pot.
And you meet your girlfriend in the parking lot.
Ohh, but still you're aching for the things you haven't got.
What went wrong?
And if you can't understand why your world is so dead,
Why you've got to keep in style, and feed your head.
Well you're 21 and still your mother makes your bed,
And that's too long.

But Captain Jack will get you high tonight.
And take you to your special island.
Well now Captain Jack will get you by tonight.
Just a little push, and you'll be smilin'.
Ohh, Captain Jack will get you high tonight.
And take you to your special island.
Well now, Captain Jack could make you die tonight.
Just a little push, and you'll be smilin'.---Lyrics submitted by Bobby.



Submit Corrections



 
