

Broadway you never shine a light on me.
I may never live to see my name in light on a Carnegie Hall marquee.
Oh but thats alright, Lord thats alright with me.
Im as happy, happy as a man can be.
Folks in NY may never know my name. I may not win that music Hall of Fame. (Music Hall of Fame)
Gonna keep on singing my song just the same. 
If I dont make it there I wont be ashame.

Cause Im a star in the ghetto. (Im a star in the ghetto) 
If I never make Broadway thatll be ok. (keep on shining)
I dont care what the folks up there in NY (Im a star in the ghetto) have to say, oh no. (Oh no)

Hollywood, (Hollywood) Hollywood will never be my style.
But I know Im good, oh yeah, not just alright.
City lights, city lights (city lights) may never shine for me.
I may never make it to the top, no, win myself a Grammy.
Folks in NY may never know my name. I may not win that music Hall of Fame. (Music Hall of Fame)
But Im gonna keep on singing my song, whew baby, just the same. 
If I never make it there I wont feel ashame.

Cause Im a star in the ghetto. (Im a star in the ghetto)
If I never make Broadway, sugar thatll be ok. (Keep on shining)
I dont care what the folks up there in NY (Im a star in the ghetto) what they got to say. Oh no. (Oh no)

Think Im gonna make it funky. Feel like getting down Yall.
Think Im gonna make it funky. Feel like getting down yeah.
Blow your horn. Yeah its alright.
Well go blow your horn. They say its alright.
Feel the music, yeah. 
Feel the music.

Im a star in the ghetto. (Im a star in the ghetto)
If I never make Broadway thatll be ok. (keep on shining)
I dont care what the folks up there in NY (Im a star in the ghetto) I dont care what they got to say. Aww nah.
Im a star in the ghetto. (Im a star in the ghetto)
If I never make Broadway, sugar thatll be ok. (keep on shining)
I dont care what the folks in Hollywood got to say. I dont care anyway. Aww no.
Im star (Im a star in the ghetto) and Im shining and Im shining.
Im a star. (Im a star in the ghetto) Yes I am, hey yeah.
Im a star in the ghetto.
If I never make Broadway thatll be ok.
If I never make it to Broadway. (Keep on shining, keep on shining)
Then that will be ok.
People in NYC.  Ah they dont bother me. (Keep on shining, keep on shining) not at all, not at all.
Im gonna make it the top. (Keep on shining, keep on shining)
Among the distant stars, alright. (Keep on shining, keep on shining)
Sugar its alright.
Im a star in the ghetto. (Keep on shining, keep on shining)
Im a star in the ghetto.---Lyrics submitted by Juan Reyes Jr..



Submit Corrections



 
