

(Calling you on the phone)
(whenever  you be at home)

That first time we layed eyes 
Lookin' over 'n over again 
(Talkin' no matter how late 'n - laughin' away and away 'n) 
Was so on a natural high, felt like you always been my best friend 
(So happy everyday 'n - nothin' can tear us away 'n) 
You always had a glow, on your face so, you had to be mine... yeah yeah yeah 
Everyplace we go, holding hands yo, I knew you were mine 
That's why you gotta know girl 

Always you should know you're my honey 
Always you are on my mind 
Always you can call on me any 'o day or night... oh yeah 
No way I be shady or frontin' 
No way that aint even my style 
What I'm sayin is always and forever be you and I... 

Verse 2 (lets go)
For the first time in my life 
Feelin' all the love deep within 
(Aint never felt so amazin - hits me in so many ways 'n) 
For sure I, would never get by, I need you by my side thick 'n thin... yeah 
(You lovin' me is like heaven - don't wanna let you go never) 
You always had a glow, on your face so, you had to be mine... yeah yeah yeah 
Everyplace we would go, holding hands yo, I knew you were mine... 
That's why you gotta know always girl yeah... 

Always you should know your my honey
Always you are on my mind
Always you can call me any o' day or night oh yeah
No way I be shady or frontin'
No way that aint even my style
What I'm sayin is always and forever be you and I...

[Rap] 
Baby always count'em 365 all days pound'em can I get a witness 
Every ounce of my love heavy wit this 
Girl we fit just like a glove you my misses 
And we got it like that know each other like that 
Definitely got each others back, and that's fact (cuz you are my love) 
And that's that (my one and only love) 

Yo, she makes my heart be skip 'n 
Everyday and everynight straight trippin 
Lovin' so wild wild I'll say it real loud (loud) 
I'll walk hundred miles miles to keep her no (doubt doubt) 
Her eyes her hair her lips 'n 
Baby keepin' my body ripped 'n 
Lovin' her style (style), it steady be wild (wild) and I'm gonna love her always 

Always you should know you're my honey
Always you are on my mind
Always you can call on me any 'o day or night... oh yeah
No way I be shady or frontin'
No way that aint even my style
What I'm sayin is always and forever be you and I...---Lyrics submitted by karin.



Submit Corrections



 
