

Slowly going in.
Hand on her mouth.
'Bout to have sex while there's people in the house.
She ain't really caring, no, nothin 'bout the party.
Tryna keep her calm but she's so naughty.
Hand on her shoulder while i'm rollin it.
Lookin in the mirror while i'm strokin it.
Then she pulled away and i go get it.
She ready i can tell he way she pokin it.
For except one thing she likes,
'Lil mama don't know how to act when i'm hittin it from the back.
Yeah, cause she's moanin now and she's scratchin me.
She's going wild and she's grabbing me.
I'm 'bout to make the bed break, we rockin it.
Break, we pushin it, break.
I know they're hearin it, yeah.
But she don't want me to take it out, keep going.
And i dont really wanna take it out.
She said there's something freaky 'bout the other people being on the other side of the door.

{chorus}
Shawty is a screamer  [hey, hey, hey, hey] x2
Breathe, breathe, hit it rest. x2

Pulling on her hair, grabbing her neck.
She give me full control, the utmost respect. 
And i love it yeah, i love it yeah.
She's about to make me forget that i'm a player.
She yank me, i spank her. She say spank me more.
I spank her again and now we're all on the floor, floor, floor.
Now we're goin lower, lower, lower then she turned over.
She said she never had a man to do it like that.
I said i never heard somebody moaning like that.
Cause she's biting her lips and making faces.
Hands around her hips, we're goin crazy.
I'm 'bout to make the bed break, we rockin it, 
Break, we pushin it, break.
I know they're hearin it, yeah.
But she don't want me to take it out, keep going.
And i don't really wanna take it out.
She said there's somethin freaky 'bout the other people being on the other side of the door.

{chorus}
Shwaty is a screamer {hey, hey, hey, hey} x2
Breathe, breathe, hit it rest x4.

She screamin, so sexy.
It's tropical like a fantasy.
Deeper, i can't control her. 
Because shawty is a, shawty is a screamer.

Shawrty is a screamer. x4

Yeah, she's a screamer.---Lyrics submitted by Erika.



Submit Corrections



 
