

Hey kids, give me all your fucking money.
Got a hundred mac books, and I swear I'm not a druggie.
I'm on that real shit, now it's time to get pissed.
If you get offended, fuck you, suck my dick.

These bitches say they got love with their fans,
But they're fake, and lie. It's all a part of their plans.
The scene is plagued with fucking gimmicks and lies,
You're a goddamn fool if you trust their disguise.

Even Ronnie Radke talks shit on my Instagram.
Gimmee your IG so I can hit you with a mic stand.
Send me a letter about the guys that you blew,
And that faggot you butt fucked name is Christofer Drew.

How could you talk down on your biggest fan?
Your career is on its way to the garbage can.
I'm a multitasking badass, and you're a disgrace,
Watch me laughing my ass off while I'm pissing in your face.

Uh, the ladies love me, 'cause I always fuck 'em good,
Flip 'em over, do the tongue trick, and treat 'em with the big dick.
My name is always in the headlines, stirring up your kid's minds
Check it.

If you hate gay people, you should get your ass beat.
You're a close-minded faggot, bitch kiss my feet.
I don't give for tomorrow and fuck for today,
I try to pray to God, but I'm too busy getting paid.

These bitches say they got love with their fans,
But they're fake, and lie. It's all a part of their plans.
The scene is plagued with fucking gimmicks and lies,
You're a goddamn fool if you trust their disguise.

These bitches say they got love with their fans,
But they're fake, and lie. It's all a part of their plans.
The scene is plagued with fucking gimmicks and lies,
And everybody is fucking gay.

Now that everybody knows, here we go, let the haters unfold.
Start a motherfucking riot, but you love it, and you can't deny it.

FUCK THE WORLD!
EVERYONE SUCKS DICK!

Bitch, I never give a fuck about your problems.
Read a book and solve them.
Cry a motherfucking river full of lies, and get attention,
It's a pity party.

EAT MY SHIT!
And I'll pretend to give shit about it.

Hey, Wesboro Baptist, fuck you too.
Come and protest this dick, faggots!---Lyrics submitted by Danielle Mully.



Submit Corrections



 
