

I just had sex (Ay),
and it felt so good(Felt so good)
A woman let me put my penis inside of her(Her)
I just had se-ay-ee-ex
And Ill never go back(Never go back)
To the not-havin-sex ways of the past

Have you ever had sex?I have,it felt great(Yeah)
It felt so good when i did it with my penis(Yeah)
A girl let me do it,it literally just happened
Having sex should make a nice man ot the meanest

Never guess where I just came from,I had sex
If i had to describe the feelin,it was the best
When i had the sex,man,my penis felt great
And I called my parents right after I was done

Oh,hey,didnt see you there,guess what I just did?
Had sex,undressed,saw her boobies and the rest
Was sure nice of her  to let you do that thing
Nice of any girl ever(now sing)

I JUST HAD SEX(Ay)
And it felt so good(Felt so good)
A woman let me put my penis inside of her(Her)
I wanna tell the world

To be hones,Im surprised she even wanted me to do it
(Doesnt really make sense)But man,screw it.
(I aint one to argue with a good thing)She could be my wife!
(That good?)The best thirty seconds of my life(My life)

Im so humbled by a girls ability to let me do her
Cause honestly,Id have sex with a pile of manure(Manure)
With that in mind,a soft,nice-smellin girls better
Plus she let me wear my chain and my turtleneck sweaters

So this ones dedicated to them girls
That let us flop around on top of them(yeah)
If youre near or far,whether short or tall
We wanna thank you all for lettin us fuck you
She kept lookin at her watch(Doesnt matter,had sex!)
But i cried the whole time(Doesnt matter,had sex!)
I think she mightve been a racist(Doesnt matter,had sex!)
She put a bad on my head(Still counts!)

I just had sex(Ay)
And my dreams came true(Dreams came true)
So if you had sex in the last thirty minutes
Then you qualified to sind with me

I just had see-e-ex(Everybody sing!)
And it felt so good(We all had sex!)
A woman let me put my penis inside of her
I just had se-ay-ee-ex(I just had sex)
And Ill never go back(Never go back)
To the not-havin-sex ways of the past---Lyrics submitted by EvaMaria.



Submit Corrections



 
