

[Speaking Part:]
Rival gangsters sit down to plan an after school program. 
A religious fanatic posts footage of an interfaith service project. 
A group of teenage boys watches a video of a father playing catch with his son. 
An adult film star paints thumbnail portraits of elderly couples fully clothed and smiling. 
A record executive records a demo of his apology. 
A policeman makes reverse 911 calls instructing residents to take to the streets. 
A patriarch reports for duty: she's wearing an orange jumpsuit and holding a picket sign. 
She's ashamed of her birthplace, but retreat is not an option. 

Women and Children 
Front line 
Log on 
Tune in 
Stand and be counted, wounded, stationed 
In the belly of the vulture watch your back 
Theres no civilians 
Women, Children 
Front line listen 
Consider this a distant early warning 
The fires imminent 
Pollution gathering dust particles 
Funneling through smokestacks, airways, bandwidth 
This information tube fed 
Check the labels 
Delete the virus 
Alert the masses. 

[Speaking Part:]
Butterfly wing crosswinds. send black hawks toward hurricane survivors. 
Roses sprout from empty lots and sidewalk cracks. 
Pacifist geurillas move undetected through concrete jungles. 
New forms are beginning to take shape. 
Once occupied minds are activating. 
People are waking up! 
The insurgency is alive and well. 

Rise of the flobots 
Portrait of 
The new American insurgent 
Rattle and shake the foundations of the world order 
Assembly line incent, resist, refuse 
Inform, create 
Direct loved one's to the trenches 
Suit up forge rubble into fortress's 
Plaster, cloth, aluminum 
Broken porcelain 
Rusted platinum 
Burn blood stains from decompressed diamonds 
Hammer the battle cry into braille studded armor. 

[Speaking Part:]
We are building up a new world. 
Do not sit idly by. 
Do not remain neutral. 
Do not rely on this broadcast alone. 
We are only as strong as our signal. 
There is a war going on for your mind. 
If you are thinking, you are winning. 
Resistance is victory. 
Defeat is impossible. 
Your weapons are already in hand. 
Reach within you and find the means by which to gain your freedom. 
Fight with tools. 
Your fate, and that of everyone you know 
Depends on it.---Lyrics submitted by Jason.



Submit Corrections



 
