

When Eve told Adam to try what he'd been told not to try
Adan didn't ask the question why, when the nefruit high
And the sky sent man on a quest for getting high
He blamed the high for seeing what God was seeing
He looked up & recreated at the same time more 
in the combine, but the view was mine, split the
scene.Reality of the 'G' the man didn't have that
much brains or luck.All he wound up doing was getting
fucked up,high off Whisky or Wine,high off Champagne.
High off lying & cheating & ill gotten gains, high lust & 
pleasure & pain, smoked dope.then came Cocaine.

Esay little toe,easy little rush,easy off the illusion
to soften the fuzz.Then the soul becomes the outer glee
the moment becomes exiciting while begging to 
be free.Don't worry about it I've got control, don't 
worry about the madness lurking in my soul.
So subtle, precise, so focused in goal, truth becomes 
pretence,the lie becomes bold.The morning becomes
glee,the night becomes open to fatal attraction.
Pretty little girls & pretty little sides,pretty little deseptions
becomes pretty little highs.The movie, the song,the opening 
scene,the moment sparkled & then they become so
mean.Slow-dance,fast-dance, fads moving into reverse,
The imagination becomes doubtful & then a curse so casual
so social,so pervaseably used,whats good for the Gander
becomes deadly to the Goose.Roses in corners & women in 
bars,so beauty becomes ugly & lost to the stars.Soft 
glances,become hard-core vision, half stopping becomes
total desicion,the beginning,the middle,the end becomes question.
Morals are closed but are open to suggestion,shady position
without shaking the trees.Major destruction, in minor degrees.
The demons begin to make their call,the power to be
strong begins to fall.Slowly the days become indecision,
Slowly the days loose inhibition,the seconds becomes minutes
the hours become dreams,& the dreams become insults & then
wilting flowers.

It starts out as a fad, it maakes you glad the picture is bad
because it's something you've never had,it's like a movie
that you only half want.Got you on the come-come for years 
& months.From the bath, to the kitchen, ti the bathroom got
you living in the classroom.Stressing yourself,your loosing your mind,
your on the floor looking for something you'll never find,because
you bought your Soul on that very first hit.Now you've got to cook 
up to get your wit.But you can't find peace nevermind how much 
you get,so all you can get is another hit.Your a monster but
you walk like the dead,Coke is a voice living inside your head,
I hope you can dig what I just told yer,now, the only 'C' I take
is Coca Cola - Peace.

The rumours keep living your last sense of pride,partially
no-hope,then partally denied,lonely women & fire places,
burning memory into their faces.Empty bottles against the walls,
a knock on the door, a sound in the hall, kiss me Lord,kiss me
now.Tell me me you love me but don't tell me how, you cross
my line but I don't know why,sometimes you're spillin' Happy days
have come & gone,trapped in the rafter that lingers on.
Public insanity in mirrors & smoke, sincerly yours in the
name of Coke.To shake that shadow,to take that stroll,let
the mind take it's toll.Blind or deaf which way to go?
The conscious degenerate begins to flow,can't see the forest
can't see the trees,can't feel the change in the coming breeze.
An act of reason becomes desperation,an act of rage becomes 
hesitation,God becomes distant & you're so close,the 
sensation becomes easy & then easy goes.Taking advantage
while taking the breaks,almost forgetting what it takes.
Caught imbetween the coming back,caught in the moment
of the coming back.We deal in the self & what to find,the
positive flame & the stae of mind.Waking up in the morning
to the begining of you,waking up to be sure you can see it through.
Why the puzzle,why the quiz,enjoy the moment thats all there is.
heres to the thought,heres to the mind,here's to the moment we
all must find. 
                            (To Fade)---Lyrics submitted by Tony.



Submit Corrections



 
