

Neils in rehab, Neils in rehab, oh, hope he gets well soon

Have you heard about Neil, I hear hes got a problem.
Its been going on for years and now its finally out.
Hes been drinking and doing drugs, screwing his friends for a couple of bucks.....
It got so bad that I walked away and bailed out

Held only come to see me if he needed a ride or money.
If he saw me with a pretty lady held act like we were best friends.
When he was getting married he forgot where I lived, an invitation never came and that I cant forgive
So thats when our so-called friendship came to an end.

Meanwhile hes running through a string of jobs and sleazy pickups,
While his wife and baby wait at homebut I hear its going to change cause:

Neils in rehab, Neils in rehab, oh, hope he gets well soon...

You could never win an argument, he had to have the last word;
He would always win cause he could shout louder than YOU.
All the times that I trusted him, he kept letting me down, still I have to grin
Hes basically good but I wont stay friends with a guy that wont stay true

All the bills that were left unpaid with no forwarding address, his lifes a mess,
and theres no one else to blame, but it hopefully will change because:

Neils in rehab, Neils in rehab, oh, hope he gets well soon

He can charm the Hell out of you, thats the way that we became friends,
....But a bunch of broken promises can only go so far(get up!)

					(break)

Some of you might say: Arent you afraid hell hear this?
My answer is No....lets pound the message in!!!!!!
Then he can remember the times we were close,
How he ruined this, each time risking overdose.
He might have lost the battle but you know that he can still win

All the cars that he lost, you know he could have lost his life....All the times that he screwed up but theres still a chanceI just pray that hell listen now that:

Neils in rehab, Neils in rehab, oh, hope he gets well soon...
              (Are you listening, Neil?!?!?!?.........)
Neils in rehab, Neils in rehab, oh, hope he gets well soon(2x)---Lyrics submitted by Kenn.



Submit Corrections



 
