

The rain starts off, and it wakes you up,
You can't sleep with that racket on the roof,

You get up slow, but you can't get going,
It seems this morning the loneness has won.

Did you stop to see mediocrity, or your self pity?
They were stealing a kiss. Look at their lips, still shiny.

Did you notice that happiness happens less,
The more often you starve to find where its been hiding?

You say, "It's not my fault that I get so low.
There's a weight on my soul, and it's pulling me down, pulling me down.
I swear it.

"So come on by my house and unleash me your monsters.
With you at the helm, we'll go crashing around together,
But don't mistake some initial hate for more cautionary.
'Cause baby, this is love."
I'll go down to hell to keep you company.

For all the days we've got we should be screaming, out,
For all the days we've got we should be screaming, oh,
For all the days we've got we should be singing.

What's to be done, a hundred and one,
In a tent for twelve, with fingers and elbows in fingers and ribs,
We're just minding our business, just minding our business instead of minding out minds.

In times when the storms can ravage your clothes,
The sound and the colour can render you blind,
And the throes of a nightmare can sing you to sleep.
Then some foreign machine wakes you up at a mean hour,

But heaven is there, under your hair,
It hides in the noon noise way up in the air,
Like a bird in the breeze,
Waiting for you, and waiting for me too.

What's there to do, a hundred and two,
Are out on the doorstep and they're pushing the bolts back,
They're wanting in, they're humming our hymn,
Everybody's singing like beautiful birds.

Everybody's singing like beautiful birds,
Everybody's singing like beautiful birds,
In the tress. Listen to it. It's easy, man, you can do it.

Yeah! I know what I want.
Yeah! I know what I need.
'Cause it's the simplest thing.

Yes, it's the simplest thing,
Yes, it's the simplest thing,
Yes, it's the simplest thing.

Of all the night's we should be stepping out,
Of all the night's we should be stepping out,
Of all the night's we should be swinging around from house to house.

If I could cheer you up, it would mean so much,
Clowns in love just laughing it off, laughing it off, laughing it off.

You say, "It's not my fault that I get so low,
But to drown you too, that's a sick way to love,
A sick way to love,
It's a fuckin' sick way to love."---Lyrics submitted by Grasp.



Submit Corrections



 
