

Chorus:

If this Life has anything to gain at all
I count it lost if I cant hear you, feel you, cause I need you.
Cant Walk this Earth Alone.
I recognize I am not my own, so before I fall
I need to hear you, feel you, as I live to make my boasting you alone.

Verse 1:

With every breath I take, with every heart beat,
Sunrise and the moon lights in the dark street.
Every glance, every dance, every note of a song.
Its all a gift undeserved that I shouldnt have known.
Every day that I lie, every moment I covet
Im deserving to die, Im just earning your judgment.
I, without the cross theres only condemnation.
If Jesus wasnt executed theres no celebration.
So in times that are good, in times that are bad
For any times that Ive had it all I will be glad.
and I will boast in the cross. I boast in my pains.
I will boast in the sonshine, boast in his reign.
Whats my life if its not praising you.
Another dollar in my bank account of vain pursuit. I do.
That count my life as any value or presence at all.
Let me finish my race, let me answer my call.

Chorus

Verse 2:

Tomorrows never promised, but it is we swear.
Think we holding our own, just a fist full of air.
God has never been obligated to give us life.
If we fall for our rights, we be in hell tonight.
Mere sinners own nothing but a fierce hand.
We never loved him we pushed away his pierced hands.
I rejected his love, grace, kindness, and mercy.
Dying of thirst, yet, willing to die thirsty.
Eternally worthy, how could I live for less?
Patiently you turn my heart away from selfishness.
I volunteer for your sanctifying surgery.
I know the spirits purging me of everything thats hurting me.
Remove the vale from my darkened eyes.
So now every morning I open your word and see the Son rise.
I hope in nothin, boast in nothin, only in your suffering.
I live to show your glory, dying to tell your story.

Chorus

Bridge:

Glory was solely meant for you.
Doing what no one else could do.
With All I have to give,(With all I have to Give)
Ill use my life, Ill use my lips. (My Lips Yaaa)
Ill only glory in your Word. What gift to me I dont deserve.
Ill live in such a way that it reflects to you, my Praise.
Chorus (with Descant)---Lyrics submitted by Samuel.



Submit Corrections



 
