

Help me Lord before there's no time left. (yea)
This song right here is dedicated to all my people out there trying to figure life out
I know ya heard a lot of answers, you even been to church a couple times, but something still ain't right
Verse 1:
It's like I'm tired of life
Lord I'm wrong, why I can't get right?
and when it's dark, why I can't get light?
and why it can't be light?
It's so heavy, why my sin won't let me see the end. 
(Come get me, please come get me)
My thoughts, my mind, my ways all evil.
I'm s'posed to be ya people. 
I'm s'posed to see ya sequel. 
I said I'd never leave you, but I'm so left I ain't right. 
Lord I'm sleeping with death, man I'm cheatin' with death 
Am I deaf? It's like I don't hear ya. 
I say that I'm a Christian but it's like I don't feel ya. 
I'm on a selfish island and I am nowhere near ya 
God I really need you even though I don't appear to. 
I'm drinking out a broken cistern(?) that could never hold water and I'm gonna get burned. 
Though I try I never satisfy or quench this yearn. 
I hear you callin but it's like a fight for me to just turn. 
Lord I deserve to burn. 

Chorus:
Help me Lord before there's no time left. 
I ain't living I'm just breathin' to death, I'm just breathin' to death. 
I ain't living I'm just breathin to death. 
I ain't living I'm just breathin' to death, I'm just breathin' to death.
Help me Lord before there's no time left
I ain't living I'm just breathin' to death, I'm just breathin' to death.
Your ways are perfect and they lead me to rest. 
Mine are evil and they lead me to death. 

Verse 2:
I'm feeling schizophrenic.
Maybe I ain't saved 
Cuz I gotta get high just to block out all the pain.
Seen death, seen hurt, seen a whole lotta thangs
Instead of running from it, I'm running away from change 
It's like I'm outside in the ice cold weather
The rain's coming down, I keep getting wetter. 
I know I'm getting sick and I could die any second
but still I refuse to let your truths make me better. 
I'd rather eat flies and maggots instead of bread
and it's killing me slow but I can't get through my head.
You were stabbed, you were murdered, and for me is why you bled
but I spit on your bloody face as if I never cared.
And Lord how dare I compare my pain
Your father turned his back and you were left to hang. 
I don't know why ya did it, I can't explain.
How can you the sinner who's desecrated your name. 
Lord I deserve the flames.

Chorus

Verse 3:
I know I tell likes, I know I do dirt.
Apart from you I'm nothing, but you can give me worth. 
I don't know if I know ya, but still I know I should
I know these days are evil and only you are good.
I've come to this conclusion, I would like to change.
Cuz all the world's money and fame could not sustain
I know that I should turn but that's the hardest thing.
Cuz though I'm really feelin havin Jesus is my gain
The world is so tempting. Satan is a beast.
He hypnotizes my eyes to say the least, 
but Jesus be my treasure to know you is to live.
and I am here dying, tryin everything there is. 
all I need here is you, help me turn 'way from sin.
Lord give me grace to turn away, the fear to not give in. 
I know that I'm not perfect but I can rest in Him.
I know I don't deserve it but still I take ya hand
Lord let me take ya hand.

Chorus---Lyrics submitted by Sabrina.



Submit Corrections



 
