

The Beast lives out of the raging storm in the dead of night
The rabinous blood sick creature searches for its sacrifice
Through the hidious darkness it learches driven by death itself
Only the satisfaction of slaughter will cause it to return
 to the darkness from which it came

Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu

Boys and Girls its nighty night time
Happy J the clown has a nursery rythme
Its about the Boogie Woogie Man
Keep your light on as long as you can
Cause when it cuts off so does your head
Boogie woogie woogie waits under your bed with a
shank! spla! up through the bottom
"Little Jimmy Jimmy" got em'

Its the one and only boogie man
He creeps, he hides, he sneeks, he slides
If your little feetsies are hanging off the edge of the bed
your runnin on stumps motherfucker

Moon light fills the room that you sleep and things go bump
 in the night n may creepin
"OUCH, FUCK!" i stubbed my toe, if you just quit leaving your shit
 all over the fucking floor. well fuck it your dead anyway and imma
 leave your head smack dead in the hallway
In the morning when your daddy walks out "ahhhhhh" his foots in
 your mouth thanks to the boogie man

Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (here comes the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (make way for the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha)

"Does the Boogie Man really exist?"
well is your mother a bald headed freak bitch?
Yes. you fall asleep and wake up dead with a broken broom sticken
 out your forehead
I sing lullabies til you dose off, tie you down and chew your
 fuckin toes off
And then spit em' out back in your face "Phlaaa"
Fuck! wash ya feet bitch!

The worlds famous Boogie woogie wu will come to you
Slumber parties, sleep overs, intamate nights
Whatever the occasion for the midnight hour he will
 gladly come and fuck that shit up

i don't beat women, Fuck that im above it, but i'll cut her f*ckin neck and think nothing of it

ya didn't know the Boogie Man was a clown but when you see
 the juggalo ya holdin yo jugula.
with a swing, chop, stab, swing, chop you holdin ya neck together but
 ya nuts drop
And the cops do the best they can, they pull the ax out ya face and "say
 was it the boogie man?"

Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (what was he wearing)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (make way for the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha)

"Please don't let my fall asleep, cause the boogie man will creep through my window in my room, stab me with a broken broom. please don't let me fall asleep, cause the boogie man will creep through my window in my room sta...." BOOGIE WOOGIE WOOGIE!!!

Its the incredible identable boogie man
Go ahead pull the covers over your head
Hide under em' he don't give a fuck
It'll just makes it that much more easier for him to suficate ya face

theres three ways to stop me from doin' what i do
"What you think ima tell you?"

"Mom could you leave the door open a bit?"
Thanks, an easy way in you fuckin idiot
Now i stretch ya neck out and play it like a banjo.. bow dika bow. like that shit yo? Then i stretch it more n fling ya head through the wall
Its the Boogie Man ya'll

Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (here comes the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (make way for the boogie man)
Boogie woogie woogie woogie wu (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha)---Lyrics submitted by joe.



Submit Corrections



 
