

Here I am.  I'm still standing.  
Here I am after all I've been through.  I survived. 
Every toil every spare.  I'm alive.  I'm alive.  
 Here I ammm.  Ooooh yes

There were times when I almost gave up. 
 And I've cried and said Lord it's enough.
 El-Shadai, He was there all the time,  
 By His grace He is keeping me alive. 
 By His grace and mercy I'm still standing, standing.
 I'm standing in the presence of the Almighty with power and a testimony. 
 I'm standing here today  with one thing to say Lord I thank You,  I thank you  thank You. 
 For Here I am I'm still standing  
 Here I am  after all been through,  I survived every toil every spare,  I'm alive I'm alive I'm alive.    
Here I am. I'm still standing.  
 Here I am after all I've been through. I survived.  Every toil every spear i'm alive I'm alive I'm alive

All of the pain I had to go through,  It gave power,  testimony.  
 Now I'm standing here today with one thing to say,  Lord I thank You Lord I thank You.  Thank You.    Here I am It's because of Your grace.  
Here I stand it's because of Your grace. 
 Here I am,  It's because of Your goodness.   And I thank You Lord  Yes, Yes, Yes.
 Here I am Its because of Your mercy, 
Here  I Stand (Yes I do) It's because of Your grace,  With only one prayer  It's because of Your goodness and I thank You.  Yes, Yes, Yes 

All of the pain that I had to go through,  It gave power and a testimony.  Now I'm standing here today,  with one thing to say Lord Thank You,  I thank You     OOh  OOoh, I'm still standing,  I'm still standing,  standing  
There's so much crisis trials and my tests, I'm still standing, still standing.
 Say yes,yes yes, yes, yes.  
The devil is defeated,  yes 
The devil is defeated,  yes, yes yes,
 Through every trial,  yes, 
Through every test,  yes,
 Through every trouble,  yes,  
 Only confess, yes, 
 I'll say yes,  yes, 
 I'll say yes,  yes,yes,
Here I am I'm still standing, 
 Here I am ,  After all I've been through,  I survived,  Every toil every spare.  I'm alive I'm alive. 
Here I ammmmm---Lyrics submitted by Sabrina.



Submit Corrections



 
