

Verse: 1
(Slug)
He threw his weapon in the trash dumpster
in the alleyway, back behind that Irish pub
then he sprinted like Olympics down the street
everything went numb, excpet his legs and feet
his car was parked just a few blocks away
he ain't gettin caught, nope, not today
and he can hear the faint sound of the sirens
time is short, and life's a sport
he tried to push weight like his face had a scar
somebody gotta hate and instigate at that bar
he popped that fool like 'baby, i'm a star'
now he's runnin to the safety of his baby's momma's car
boy was born to be a soldier
look over the shoulder as he took the corner
nobody at the pub knows who he was
they seen him though, either way, there's the vehicle
down the street, it's within his reach
the cops are close, hear the tires screech
hand in the pocket, grab the remote
then popped the trunk, and hopped in and closed it
sittin in the cold trunk space
but his head stayed hot from the sweat on his face
gotta keep his cool and think this through
if only he could fall asleep for a few

all thoughts crossed to how he got lost
time is gone, tryin to hit the stopwatch
wishin he could take it back to the simple
when the future still had some potential
from the childhood, playground, jungle gym
to the concrete jungle that he's stuck within
war determines, no returnin
stay warm from the fire of the glory burnin

(Chorus) x2
And it burns (glory burnin in every soul)
And it burns (glory burnin in every goal)
And it burns (glory burnin in every war)
And it burns (but know what you burnin it for)

Verse 2:
(MURS)
Who did this muthafucka think he was?
Ran up on who like he didn't give a fuck?
Who called the cops from inside the pub?
Cause it didn't take the hooter long to show up
What made me feel i had to take it this far?
What made me hop into the trunk of this car?
What would you do if ya crew was at war?
What would they do to even out the score?
Where my boys at, they was s'posed to have my back?
Wait i can't hear no footsteps, where the cops at?
Where i'm s'posed to run when this trunk gets cracked?
Wait, where my girl at, as a matter of fact?
Why ain't we pulled off, and left without a trace?
Why didn't i listen when she said 'baby, wait'
Why did i see disgust when i looked into her face?
Why didn't i learn when i caught my first case?
When will the oxygen run out in this trunk?
When won't i have to prove i ain't no punk?
When will the OG's catch a body for once?
When will i get a chance to smoke this blunt?
How could i think of gettin high right now?
How could i do this to my woman and child?
How'd i end up livin life so foul?
Never thought the glory would burn me, that's how

The fire within burns close to the heart
keeps the logic and emotions apart
god forbid you mix passion wit thought
cause then you only askin for the drama to start
the cycle never ends while we live in denial
and wonder what it is that make the kids so wild
who, what, where, when, why and how
but them answers to them questions don't matter now

(Chorus) x2---Lyrics submitted by Deronte.



Submit Corrections



 
