

Hook
So you know Im bout to K.I.L.L. people say Im crazy maybe so I need to go and take a P.I.L.L.
 They should lock me up and throw away the key and put me in a C.E.L.L. 
They say they don't like the way Im spitting fuck 'em they can go to H.E.L.L. 
For R.E.A.L. LETS GO 

[Verse 1] 
Dont play me man its kill or be killed 
Fuck with me then blood is getting spilled on the field 
I'm going crazy no refill on my pills 
Ain't no use in anybody trying to tell me to chill, or cool off, cause the screws off
 In my head aint tight they loose yall better try ta get a move on, get a u-haul, dog, a Ryder truck
 Before I slice you up and put your body in the boondocks 
I was doing it when Busta was saying Woo Ha! 
When Boyz II Men was the shit and was singing Doo-Wop 
We was sticking two Phillies together calling 'em ooh-wops what you mad nobody knew who you was
 Man, a brew buzz, wasnt never enough we crushed anything we knew that we could toot up
 Our nostril we pop pills and do bumps, falling out the sky like parachuters 
Who wants drama wanna come and rumble with the champ, better not be on no weak shit, cause when it comes to rap I got it locked like its a prison camp
 These little kids can scram or tell 'em bow down kiss the hand 
When they get put in their place at first they wouldnt embrace me now their faced with admitting that I got what it takes
 And Im a stay killing records tell 'em murders the case, until the day they consider me as one of the greats, Im bout to

[Hook] 
K.I.L.L. people say Im crazy maybe so I need to go and take a P.I.L.L. 
They should lock me up and throw away the key and put me in a C.E.L.L. 
They say they don't like the way Im spitting fuck em they can go to H.E.L.L. 
For R.E.A.L. LETS GO 

[Verse 2] 
Here I come tell 'em bombs away and when I say that Im coming that means Im probably cumming on your baby mamas face, the shits easy I put on some Drake we Drank yellow tail Chardonnay and that was all it takes,
 Im taking over so wake up and smell the coffee cakes, these other guys are fake they talk a lot but wouldnt squash a grape
 Dont discombobulate them with me we are not the same, get out my lane, put on your breaks, and taste the marmalade
 The fact Im winning got you jelly, your hype is dying down now your record isnt selling,
 Your pride got you too competitive and scared of failing, you chilling in the club and they like Rittz is in the building and its killing you
 Any who, I be in a kiddie pool with liquor and some hoes these other rappers are miniscule
 Anybody thats coming at me can get it too, take it too far and end up kissing my tennis shoe
 Now let me see your titties boo, cause all I see is pics of your kids on the internet no body wanna see them, we can be friends, we can pretend that its cheese dip on your face when we know its really semen
 Let your knees bend and show the homies the bulls eye, Move ya booty like you was trying to hula hoop
 My God, now suck it like you was bout to use a hoover vacuum that dude is stupid in the booth I

[Hook] 
K.I.L.L. people say Im crazy maybe so I need to go and take a P.I.L.L. 
They should lock me up and throw away the key and put me in a C.E.L.L. 
They say they don't like the way Im spitting fuck em they can go to H.E.L.L. 
For R.E.A.L. LETS GO 

[Verse 3] 
We drinking like Hank Williams and smoking like Willie Nelson, you betta try to hire Van Helsing
 Or a monster killa homie cause no one can help them 
Jealous of me cause I make the shit that nobody else can 
Im the long haired red-headed rapper that be showing out 
On every single record other rappers bout to blow em out 
The water its a slaughter why you talking shit you motor mouth 
These motherfuckers adding up to no amount they know Im bout to 

[Hook] 
K.I.L.L. people say Im crazy maybe so I need to go and take a P.I.L.L. 
They should lock me up and throw away the key and put me in a C.E.L.L. 
They say they don't like the way Im spitting fuck em they can go to H.E.L.L. 
For R.E.A.L. LETS GO---Lyrics submitted by jesse rhodes.



Submit Corrections



 
