

VERSE 1
We rode into town the other day,
Just me and my daddy.
He said Id finally reached the age
And I could ride next to him on a horse
That of course was not quite as wide
We heard a crowd of people shouting,
And so we stopped to find out why.
There was that man that my dad said he loved
But today there was fear in his eyes.

CHORUS
So I said, Daddy why are they screaming? 
Why are the faces of some of them beaming?
Why is he dressed in that bright purple robe?
Ill bet that crown hurts him more than he shows.
Daddy, please, cant you do something?
He looks as though hes gonna cry. 
You said he was stronger than all of those guys.
Daddy please tell me why,
Why does everyone want him to die?

VERSE 2

Later that day the sky grew cloudy 
And Daddy said I should go inside.
Somehow he knew things could get stormy.
Boy, was he right! But I could not keep from wonderin
If there was something he had to hide
So after he left I had to find out.
I was not afraid of getting lost.
So I followed the crowds to a hill where I knew men
had been killed, 
And I heard a voice call from the cross

CHORUS 2 (same chords except where noted)
And he said, Father why are they screaming?
Why are the faces of some of them beaming?
Why are they casting their lots for my robe?
This crown of thorns hurts me more than it shows.
Father, please, cant You do something?
I know that You must hear my cry.
I thought I could handle a cross of this size.
Father remind me why, why does everyone want me to die
Oh, when will I understand why?

CHORUS 3
My precious Son, I hear them screaming,
and Im watching the face of the enemy beaming.
But soon I will clothe You in robes of my own.
Jesus, this hurts Me much more than You know.
But this dark hour I must do  nothing
Though Ive heard Your unbearable cry.
The powr in Your blood destroys all of the lies.
Soon Youll see past their unmerciful eyes.
Look there below, see the child
Trembling by her fathers side.
Now I can tell You why, 
She is why You must die.---Lyrics submitted by jarmane.



Submit Corrections



 
