

(Insanity at it's finest. Fire starter, riot maker,
moon stricken, animal need, bad seed, untaimable beast)

Everybody around me always think they know what's
going on inside my mind, they think I'm Mr. Nice Guy all the time.
How they say on Diary? You think you know, but you have no idea.

[Chorus:]
K.C.M.O is with me
Must make mo (more) dough
We will be shaking your floor
Come against me
Thats a no no
Yo, cause Im a Beast

I can smell your woman's rosy punani
on the dance floor all the way in VIP
I'm a rapper, I can snatch her,
and she will leave with me because of my stature.
Now, everybody move, everybody bounce.
Whoever the Nina choose, we about to pounce.
(work it out)
With the 151 and a bottle of calm?
helpfully let me hit this model in the grado.?
I like all woman, tall woman, and small woman.
Ya gotta let tech knees tease your shakra.?
Species release freaks, please the monster.
Petite beast, feast, these Gs will rock ya.
Handcuff a busta dont trust a
Round these hustlers homie dont be a sucker.
When your lover say tecca Nina's a brother,
she's trying to say that I rushed her then crushed her.

[Chorus x2]

I'm about to get that money like a robbery,
Now I got it all my enemies wanna clobber me.
Squallery harder we need dollars comradely
the hotter the scholar be, the larger the lottery.
Need ten, twins, gotta succeed spend G's, Ben Franks
We cram Gs in bank, breathe said we win thanks
Hungry like the wolf indeed, but I give
money to my crooks in need, I live
In Sherman Oaks but from Kansas City,
I miss home, Cali is Business but man it's pretty.
I ain't lying y'all, Monster for money for mine y'all
if I wasn't getting money, I'd do time dog.
You'd never see the nine fall,
big house, wood floors,
maid cleaning the bitches with pine-sol

[Chorus x2]

Friend, this industry is no kin to me,
behold the flow of the century.
But they scared of me
rappers they don't compare to me.
Fair to be said that he dares to be sincerely a rarity.
Check the sound scan, look around man.
Wake up look at you Jacob, you in killer clown land.
Face paint and jugalettes with bubble butts
And we rock it twisted diddy women in the button ups.
Hands down we rock harder than kiss,
but rap me Kutt and Krizz.
Can I get two stomps and a clap in this bitch
Nina shot to the top 'cause the plots to get rich.
Tell ya executives,
I'm next for this
Success it is.
Yet the best for Tech, this ain't
Baptist Pentecostal or Methodist..
This is the beast baby.
Out, I mean exodus.

(Money and I will destroy you. I am the beast)

[Chorus x3]---Lyrics submitted by Danny.



Submit Corrections



 
