

[Verse 1: ~Tech N9ne~]
Raised in the middle of the land full of barbaque stands and the brothers throw hands*
Every buddy gritten gettin grands Kansas city were the pretty women make you say DWAM!
Kicks it like a donkey cause we famous
Wicked women want me cause I came up
This is were the homies trip and say what
Yo we from the show me get my money and we pay up
Got on my Five o Ones and my gritter posture
I fit her proper
If she papered I'm in her choppers
Lettin' her know this ninna dinner cost her
And I'm famous squash her so animal like someone better get her doctor
This boys born and raised in KC M.I.Z.Z.O.U.
But once in a while I hit the L.K. for ladies
Cause they straight be in K.U.
Then back to Kansas city were is gates all on they plate
We think about it and we crave it when we vacate
I represent the MO and all the way to K state
Call me Tech N9ne but teachers and students call me A. Yates

[Hook: ~Tech N9ne~]
I'm hella fine like the food at Ollie Gates
Strawberry baked bean mixed plate
So everybody just bounce rock skate
Cant wait O.G. Ollie Gates
O.G. Like Ollie Gates
O.G. Like Ollie Gates
O.G. Ollie Gates
O.G. Baby
This is Kansas City

[Verse 2: ~Tech N9ne~]
We be scoutin pretty young things yo we got are selves in
Like dun deal I'm a popper Blouzin
Get her hot and ready listenin to Roger Troutmen
Rest In Peace baby
Seven this beats crazy
Teach babyz we used to listen to this at least 80
We kansas city steppin no question
[ Tech N9ne Lyrics are found on www.songlyrics.com ] 
We reppin 56 and 57 we know that if he jeffen then hes shady
K.C.K.'s gate got the chicken wing this'ell bring
Traffic when the people kick in things
So you better be listening cause the don is sniffin green
This is the mission get ya when you hittin your nicotine
They got your money man and you know that they aint
Somethin delicous yea you know the trey say gates
That's the place were they come and getcha if the pay late
But I stay great cause everyones bangin the A. Yates

[Repeat Hook:]

[Verse 3: ~Tech N9ne~]
North side where is you (HEY!)
South side where is you (HEY!)
East side where is you (HEY!)
West side, what it do? (HEY!) (TECH N9NE)
Ain't no body's sauce like this
Ain't no other barbaque boss like this
The feel rellay might cost quite a bit
Ya we do it but the fire ain't brought like this
O.G. told me go see
If the other city's Q is G.O.O.D.
But he knew that id find out slowly
Just like my KC barbaque they cannot hold me, A. Yates

[Hook:]
I'm hella fine like the food at Ollie Gates
Strawberry baked bean mixed plate
So everybody just bounce rock skate
Can't wait
Now everybody say
Lalalalalalalalalala, lalalalalalalalalala
Now Everybody Say
Lalalalalalalalalala, lalalalalalalalalala---Lyrics submitted by Jacob.



Submit Corrections



 
