

[Bruce Lee Sample]
"'Cause Bruce told me to walk like water, walk like like water for
it to be like water, my friends..."

["Gabor Szabo & The California Dreamers - A Day 
In The Life" loop sample fades in]

[Double K]
There's a fine line between love and hate
So form a single file line

So I can ask it to your face

And 1 by 1 can you explain from whence you came
I bet it's not the grains, we ain't the same
So all of y'all, y'all bout to get your feelings hurt
And the fled out...?
It hurts to see the phony Hip-Hop lovers
assassinating the soul and taking Jungle from the Brothers
(You invented the steel)
The dance, Thes, that we rock
But you don't have the hip so we left it with drip-hop
And now you're back, contradicting what you wear
Dressed down like a bum, knowing your mom found a carrot
And I think who I am
Through the way, I threw up
It wasn't finally me, until the... blew up
So all you grade-poppers, cast a shadow on your face
Learn the history of this, a fuckin drum in your bass

[Chorus]
Ey, you think I'm an asshole? I think you're one too 
cause me and you, kid... we ain't the same
You think I'm an asshole? I think you're one too 
yuh, we ain't the same

[Thes One]
You club motherfuckers get the dick
And... and thrift shop, kick pop sinch ass bass
We sick bitch quick a says hit the underground
Take the bus, but never even heard Mecca and The Soul Brother
But he said "Pop personifide(?)"
Castin' plastic, got his ass kicked
At the mall took the hard ball on his backpack
And broke his ass and gastate
Didn't know wack from those and vice-versa, so I dropped the verse
Through enflicted curse of the Ancient God, Ursula
Deep down I sense the fear, got alot of gear
Stay away from the heads and the rear
'Cause they know... let you flow, dude it's all crap
Like I said, I understand why some brothers snap
Wanna call it innovative, 'cause you know your shit's wack... 2pac
Stressing me out man something's gotta stop you for
Everyone and grandma's crying
I make my dogs dirty so these knuckleheads buy it
Hangin with that rockify dude, she on a diet
Money's tryna talk to me, yo kid be quiet
Talkin and talkin and hip-hop gots a bin
Shut the fuck up kid please, keep walkin and
You're talkin and talkin and hip-hop got a bin
Shut the fuck up kid, just keep walkin and

[Chorus]

[Double K]

You think I'm an asshole, then take what you could grill
Thought so, we can get it on whenever you feel
We're to the type of punk that has your feelings inside, 
Well say it to my face, wait 'till you get outside
That's right
Talk that at the ground shit, you can't back it
And when it'stime to breed, they eat you don't cack it
I say what I want, when I want, 'cause I can
And ain't nothin stopping me, specially no fuckin' man
I don't believe in shit-talking walking walking and talk
Cause when you start yappin I ain't thinkin 'bout rappin'
Yo, I'll let you stand, do the kicking since you fresh
Hit me with your best, I'll talk it over wth Thes
And you know what we got, better duck and get safe
Only a minute left 'till we hit the staircase
with some sheets for everybody and they don't look sweet
More like material for mothers crying in the street (My baby!)
But I ain't trying go there, I'd rather kick back
Don't like being an asshole man, you see it ain't like that
But fools just trip and lose their mind,
Tryna show what afforded yo boys will have you doin' hard times
Take it from my brother who knows, they keep knowin'
If the problem in the butter, yo it'll keep growin'
White boys, black boys, and all you niggas in between
...fuck you got beef, make sure you ain't seen
'Cause we're coming for YOU, once that lace style(?)
Double-kill(...),Thes One on top of the Pow                           
So keep your mouth shut, when it comes to the beat
Unless you gonna have to take the problem up with me, and

[Chorus]

"Asshole" (12x)---Lyrics submitted by victorvilla.



Submit Corrections



 
