

[Chorus]
There's no mercy for me no crying myself to sleep
no mercy for me, nightmares have become my dreams
no mercy for me good morning reality, will i wake we'll
never know i'm late for my date with destiny....let me go.

let me go you've got to let me go, right or wrong
let me go i'm on my path let me go. My mama loved me 
more than i do she said your pop was jus like you.
trapped in a vicious cirlce Jesus youngest disciple tell 
the judge if he throwed the book at me make it the bible.
Start calling myself the king for lack of a better title.

Loyal beyond belief to my detriment it's so vital I 
change or blow opportunities like a choir recital. Now
while I do not care who telling meanwhile selling powder
puts food in the bellies. Well it's unfortunate the orphanage 
couldn't keep up the mortages.

Kid go to school stupid they teachers ignoring it sorta just
doomed forced into being a goon selling kush in a jar 
mixing guitar and the volume. Consumed with the same way
of life I left everything i know now learned by myself all you
see is the wealth the Maseratis Ferraris. So don't sympathise
don't nobody feel sorry no mercy.

[Chorus]

Everybody's standing and waiting chanting and hating Gospels
say they should forgive me, they rather hand me to satan
blatant displays the day of hypocrisy boy you got to be 
kidding could it possibly be second coming of Pac, is me. 
Remember that when he was there and when he died
you realised you need him here.

God with me partner ain't no one for me to fear hindsight
20/20, future not as clear but I'm a rider 'til I die put bullets 
'tween my eye. Hide your "S" I can make my peace with God
and say goodbye, fuck up the world like Lady Di on the day 
he died. His wife and sons and daughters know that everyday
he tried, to be a better person all they want is better verses.

They could market to the merchants but when they closed curtains
aye, you could be for certain ain't nobody perfect, but when 
your rich nobody gives a shit no mercy

[Chorus]---Lyrics submitted by tanisha.



Submit Corrections



 
