

X2
Baby boy you blow my mind everytime I'm by your side
It's the way you love me right and the things we do
At night (I feel the same way)
Baby boy you blow my mind.
I'm going to be your baby boy,
Your everything every minute that we spend together
Is like a holiday. Many people search their whole life
Andcan never find one person that could love them right.
But not you and I are going to stay together.
I wanna be like key sweata
(And just make it last forever) you feel me girl?
Bring your body right here let me hold you girl.
I wanna make a promise and to make it true but I gotta
Know you gonna be my babygirl too.
And if yo' girls tell you that they see me around you
Gotta trust yo' boy I ain't sleepin' around.
I'd rather be with you slow jamz in my ride,
Rollin to the movies on a saturday night.
My boys they get it twisted because I'm givin you time
They need a girl like you
X2
Baby boy you blow my mind everytime I'm by your side
It's the way you love me right and the things we do at night.
Baby boy you blow my mind.

So I dedicate this song to the girl who stole my heart
Sneakin' through the allie just to meet me at the park.
Lyin' to mom and dad skippin and cutting class.
No matter what they say together we was gone smash.
Todos dijierion that this love just wouldn't last.
He was to old she was too young and it was all bad.
The time passes and we still going strong.
Tu sabes que te quiero desde el fondo de mi corazon.
How many ways can I show you that I'm here for you.
Plus the kid looks like half of me half of you.
It's kinda funny when I think about what we've been
Through. MY lady my lover my bestfriend too.
They say destiny is something that is meant to be.
If this is true then you are the only one for me.
So sit back, relax and let me blow your mind,
Let me love you girl one more time.
X2
Baby boy you blow my mind everytime I'm by your side
It's the way you love me right and the things we do at night.
Baby boy you blow my mind.
I need you to love me hold me love me right.
Baby boy you blow my mind everytime I'm by your side
It's the way you love me right and the things we do
At night. Baby boy you blow my mind.---Lyrics submitted by juanita.



Submit Corrections



 
