

Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders
Let me walk upon the waters
Wherever You would call me

Take me deeper than my feet could ever wander
And my faith will be made stronger
In the presence of my Savior

I am yours and You are mine

First things, let me tell you about me
I'm not impressed easily cause I've never been a place that my God don't reign
No way, no way, HGA to the grave
Gave all himself, all I wanna do is give him all of me
Struggling, oh I be struggling
My idols are mimicking Jesus
I bury my sin in 3 days it's back up again
In the beginning we, in the begging we, we would give anything
Value for ministry, missions, and bigger things
You could take everything you just give me the King
But the fire faded
I just wanna retire with savings
Are you the safest when the world loving you or had enough of you?
Who's in more danger: the persecuted or the comfortable?
Give us a crown
You can hold, don't tell them thoughts
I don't want them having more
Nobody will suffer no more
Only say things that will end with applause
Don't live for no one except for the Lord
No mas, you are too good to be throwing your cross
I'm at the cross
Do what you want

How does a man stay on top?
Become the servant of all?
When you the servant of all, no competition's involved
Cause who is knocking you off? There's no where else to fall
Progressive with the flow, that's a little one
As I'm insured, I'm sure you're missing these little puns
I'm insured, yeah the settlement is finna come
He's still shining if I'm Jack for every Nicholson
Cause no way I'mma die slow, no way I'mma die slow
Won't break, I will not fold
Cancel my tour, not my soul
I'll go blindfolded into other time zones
I'm in my zone, put it up in your iPhone
Leaving your mind blown, looking for his arrival
I can see Him riding down all of them white halls
Looking like OJ in a bronco
And I'm learning when I flow
... my respect is stronger
The higher that I go in grace, everything below is smaller
I'mma steward this well
He holds my airways, I breathe with a heavy flow
Forevermore, that's a ... like I'm sitting in the exit row
I gotta make an exit though
What will they remember though?
How I was born? How bout my metaphors?
Standing in truth when I was semi-strong
Bring it, they can throw violence
I'm in the back grinning like Joe Biden
He rose the ocean, Poseidon
To be frank, no ocean I won't dive in---



Submit Corrections



 
