

[Intro]
 "Kick that shit"
 "Cold kicking ass"
 "Funky fresh Eazy E"
 "Pull up a chair and I'mma tear shit up"

[Verse 1: Eazy-E]
 I don't drink brass monkey, like to be funky
 Nickname Eazy-E yo' 8 ball junkie
 Bass drum kickin, and a snag I nag
 And if ain't rap, then you know it's crap
 Crowd rockin sucka suckers from around the way
 I got a six-shooter, yo' mean I'm brave
 E rollin out,to find the boyz
 To kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise
 Police on my tail, I don't like jail
 40 ounce in my lap and it's cold as hell
 Hook a right turn and let the pigs go up
 Then I say to myself,"They can kiss my butt!"
 Hip to get drunk got the 8 in my lips
 Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits
 Rollin so hard had the bass cold whompin
 Cruisin through the Eastside, South of Compton
 See a big butt, and I say word
 I took a look at her face, and the girl wasto the curb
 But she was on my tip for the title I'm holdin
 Eazy-E's gettin busy got the 8 ball rollin

[Hook]
 I, was.. "Cold kickin ass "
 I, was.. "Raised in L.A."
 I, was.. "Cruisin down the street in my six-four"
 "Too much posse"

[Verse 2: Eazy-E]
 Ridin on Slausson lookin for Crenshaw
 Turned down the sound, to ditch the law
 Stopped at a light wouldn't you now
 A cadillac almost wrecked the six-fo'
 Flipped him off put it to the floor
 Went to the store fo' more 8 ball
 Actin real ill cause I was drunk
 See a sucker punk, had to go in my trunk
 Reach inside cause it's like that
 Came back out with a silver gat
 Pointed at the fool, and it was all because
 I had to show the boy what time it was
 When I turn around it was like a mirage
 Knucklehead like that got out of dodge
 Suckas be illin cause the title I'm holdin
 Eazy-E's in affect and got the 8 ball rollin

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
 Olde English 800 cause that's my brand
 Take it in a bottle, 40, quart or can
 Drink it like a madman, yes I do
 Forget the police and a 502
 Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell
 Three girls already said," Eric yo' breath smells! "
 8 ball in hand, that's what I got
 " Yo man you see Eazy hurlin in the parkin lot? 
 Punked yo' lady stepped on her toe
 Asked her to dance and she said," hell no! "
 Called her a skizzy cause that's the rule
 Boyz-n-the hood tryin to keep me cool
 You tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt
 I walked in your face and we get 'em up
 I started droppin the dogs, and watch you fold
 Just dumb through the bum, got knocked out cold
 Fool got dropped cause the title I'm holdin
 Eazy-E's hardcore and got the 8 ball rollin

[Verse 4: Eazy-E]
 Yo pass the brew Ren while I tear shit up
 And y'all listen up close to roll call
 Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice
 Ron-De-Vu with me and we make the deuce
 Dre makes the beats so funk funk funky
 Do the Olde 8, forget the brass monkey
 Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say
 Hail to the homiez from C.I.A
 Krazy D is down and in effect
 We make hardcore jams, so give us respect
 Make a toast punky punk to the title I'm holdin
 Eazy-E's breakin' out and got the8 ball rollin

Man I'm outta here
 Yo Eazy, you forgot to tell em what city you chill in

In the city! ( City of Compton )
 In the city! ( City of Compton )

City City City of Compton (Repeat x5)---Lyrics submitted by Chris Dyni.



Submit Corrections



 
