

Let's describe a certain female 
a female with a disease of character and attitude
if you will a snob however in the view of N.W.A

[Ice Cube]
A bitch is a bitch so if im poor or rich
I talk in the exact same pitch
Now the title bitch don't apply to all woman,
But all women have a little bitch in 'em
It's like a disease that plays they character
Taking the women of America
And it starts with the letter B
And makes a girl like that think she better than me
See some get mad and some just bear it
But yo it's the shoes they wearing
It makes 'em get deaf in they ear 
Thats why when you say "hi" she won't say "hi"
Are you the kind that think yo to damn fly?
Bitch eat shit and die
Ice cube comin' at you at a crazy pitch(why?)
I think a bitch iz a bitch

[Bitch]
Who the fuck you think you calling a bitch you little sorry motherfucker?
I don't know who the fuck you think you talkin to
Lemme tell you one motherfucking thing I'm not no..

[Eazy-E]
Bitch shut the fuck up!
[Ice Cube]

Yo! You can tell a girl thats out for the money
She look good and the bitch walk funny
She ain't no dummy she'd rather cut niven
Yo bitch fuck what im driving!
See a young nigga thats striving
Your through without a BMW
Thats why a bitch is a bitch
I guess or even PMS
Here test a girl thats kinda snobby
And I betcha dissin niggas is her hobby
And after she finsh the test
Rate the day a
B! I! T! C! H!
And watch her get made cuz she know its true
But a nigga like me say fuck you
Do like Ice Cube slam her ass in a ditch(word)

[Bitch]
Why do i got to be a bitch?
[Ice Cube]
I ain't calling you no bitch if you listened to the god damn song
[Bitch] Fuck the song! I'm not no mother fucking bitch!
[Ice Cube]I didn't say you was a bitch if you stop acting like a god damn bitch!
[Bitch]Fuck you little punk ass little nigga!
[Ice Cube]Fuck you bitch!
[Bitch] Fuck you who the fuck do you think you are!
[Ice Cube] Little sloppy ass scandalous ass ho!
[Bitch] Yeah im a get you bitch!
[Ice Cube] Suck my dick bitch! Little scandalous ass doo doo dog breath

I one knew a bitch who got slapped
Cuz she played me like she was all that
A bitch can be your best friend talking behind your back 
About whos fucking who and whos getting fat
Look at your self for me (look bitch)
Now do you fall in this category
Are you the kind that won't blink 
Cuz you dont think yo shit don't stink
Lucky I haven't had a drink 
Cuz i'd down your ass the id down your ass
Cuz the niggas I hang with ain't rich
We'd all say "Fuck you bitch!"
Now what can I do with a hoe like you
Bend your ass over then im through
Cuz you see Ice Cube ain't taking no shit (why?)
Cuz I think a bitch iz a bitch

There you have it the description of a bitch 
Now ask yourself "Are they talking about you?'
Are you that funkey dirty money hungry scamless stuck up hair piece contact wearing bitch?
Yep, you probably are
Hahahahahahahahahahaha!

Bitch!---Lyrics submitted by chris collier.



Submit Corrections



 
