

He wants to die in a lake in Geneva
the mountains can cover the shape of his house...
he wants to die were nobody can see him
but the beauty of his death will carry on so...

i dont believe.... him

he greets me with kisses when good days deceive him
and sometimes wit scorn and sometimes i believe him
and sometimes I'm convinced my friends think I'm crazy
get scared and call him but he's usually hazy
at one in the morning the day has not ended 
by two he is scared that sleep is no friend
and four he will drink but he can not feel it
sleep will not come because sleep does not will it
and i dont believe him
morning is mocking me...

ill wonder the streets avoiding the meets
as the ring onn my finger slips to the ground
a gift to the gutter a gift to the city 
the veins of which have broken me down
and i dont believe him
morning is mocking me...

oh the gods that he believes
never fail to amaze me...
he believes in the love of his god of all things
but i find him wrapped up in manner of sins
the drugs that decive him and the girls that believe him
i cant control you i dont know you well
these are the reasons i think that your ill
i cant control you i dont know you well
these are the reasons i think that your ill

and since last that we parted
last time i saw him
down by a river 
scilent and hardened
morning was mocking us
blood hit the sky
i was just happy my mannequin and i
he couldnt see me the sun was in his eyes
and birds where singing to calm us down...
and birds were singing to calm us down...

and im sorry young man i cannot be your friend
i dont believe in a fairytail end
i dont keep my head up all of the time
i find it dull when my heart meets my mind
and i hardly know you i think i can tell
these are the reasons i think that we're ill
and i hardly know you i think i can tell
these are the reasons i think that I'm ill

and the gods that he believes never fail to disapoint me
the gods that he believes never ail to dis appoint me...
my mess, my happy-man, my manic and i have no plans to move on
but birds are singing to calm us down
and birds are singing to calm us down.....---Lyrics submitted by Chris.



Submit Corrections



 
