

Friday night honey when I came home and  baby I was  tired as I can be 
I saw this coat hanging up on the rack where I know my coat ought to be
I said to my man look here darlin man come here Please explain this mess to me...
Whose coat is that coat hanging on the rack where I know   my coat ought to be

He said Wife   oh my darlin wife sweat heart can't you plainly see
That aint nothing but an old choir robe that your preacher left here for me
Now I have traveled this world for many miles and darlin
I hope to travel more but I aint never seen a choir robe with a fur collar on it before!

Saturday night honey when I got home I was still tired as I tired can be
Oh baby there was some shoes outside my door where I KNOW my shoe are supposed to be
Now I said to my man   Darling man you better REALLY explain this mess to me
Whose  shoe are those shoes  outside the door where you know my shoes supposed to be?

He said  oh Wife   oh  my  darlin wife sweat heart can't you plainly see
That aint nothing but an old a pair of rain boots and  my momma sent them to me
Now I have traveled this world for a many miles and I sure hope to travel more 
I aint never seen rain boots  with Spiked heels on it before

Well Last night when I come home tired as I can be
Oh darling  there was a head lying in my bed where I know my heads supposed to be?
Again I called my Man  MY  darlin Man  honey I said you better explain this mess to me 
Whose head is that head in the bed where my head is supposed to be

He said  Oh my wife oh my tired wife  sweetheart can't you plainly see
That aint nothing but an old cabbage head and baby  you know what? Your Momma sent that to  me?
Well darlin I have traveled this world  for a many miles and I know 
Im gonna to travel more but I aint never in  my life seen a cabbage head with a hair net on it before?

Well I dont know  who he thinks he's dealing with I guess he been here just  a little too long
I might as well remind  you darlin that before I come home tomorrow night  you better  check your keys 
cuz  Im not listen to this crap any more if you would check it out  
you will now see  your keys  don't fit in my door no more darlin
and no one sent  that door here thats the same one that been here all the time
I just called the locksmith in and Im sorry  about that  back on up  back up and go back to 
where ever that cabbage head is  go back to there
cuz you aint got no right here and I mean I've had it  Ive had it up to here
and Im not  going to say my darlin man no more cuz  you are not my darlin man
in fact if you want to be safe  you better start running you know what
do you see this package I got in my hand  this is aint no Christmas present either
what does it look like to you
a SHOT GUN  you aint never lying lets see how fast you can move  
ah  Listen I know..  you better put some glasses on cuz  you are really the blind one here
Take a good look baby and Ill tell ya I got one shell and I am admit I am an expert shooter
and the back of your foot will make and excellent target
MOVE get out of here you stinking liar get outta here  better get out of here..   I never in my life!---Lyrics submitted by Starr Zackerly.



Submit Corrections



 
