

"(knock, knock, knock, knock, known) Open up the door, this is the Police.

Ooohooohoooh-oooooh yeah, I want one likkle draw, (one likkle draw) one likkle draw.

One likkle draw from my chalice,
is all that I want, before you take my herbs from me,
oh Mr. Officer.

One likkle draw from my chalice,
is all that I need, before you take my herbs from me,
oh Mr. Officer.

Not meant to mean no disrespect,
I know you're trying to earn your cheque,
but I'm not a criminal suspect,
I just want to get high.

I grow my ganja in my own backyard,
no blood was shed, nobody come to harm,
just a farmer with a likkle farm,
just trying to get by so give me...

One likkle draw from my chalice,
it's all that I want, before you take my herbs from me,
oh Mr. Officer.

One likkle draw from my chalice,
it's all that I need, before you take my herbs from me,
oh Mr. Officer.

(Let me) make a suggestion.
Why don't you come inside?
I can light up your fire,
we can reason side-by-side.
I think you know the truth about the 'erbs;
that they are a gift from Jah.
Laws of man are just a bunch of words,
so you have to take it easy star (easy now star).

I won't tell your captain or your supervisor,
if you come back later you'll see a commissioner,
he's my numero uno preferred customer,
so why not give it a try?
You should take...

One likkle draw from my chalice,
is all that you'll need, before you take my herbs from me,
oh Mr. Officer.

A one likkle draw from my chalice,
is all that you'll need, before you take my herbs from me,
oh Mr. Officer.

Listen to me...

The truth is that I never even tried this,
never thought I was behind this,
always thought that it would lead to badness,
reefer smoke with you I might regret it,
I swore that all this time I would uphold it,
I seen a lot of badman and dem sold it,
but on the other hand I cannot fight this,
if God put it on the Earth it must be harmless,
so give me one likkle draw from the chalice,
is all that I want, before I take your herbs from you,
oh Mr. Ganja farmer (yeah).

So give me one likkle draw from the chalice (yeah),
it's all that I need, before I take your herbs from you (yeah),
Mr. Ganja farmer.

Yeah you give me - one likkle draw from your chalice,
it's all that I want, before I take your herbs from you (yeah),
Mr. Ganja ganja farmer.

(Let me tell ya) - one likkle draw from your chalice,
is all that I need, before I take your herbs from you,
Mr. Ganja farmer (yeah, yeah, yeah).

(One likkle draw), one likkle draw, (one likkle draw), just one yeah, (one likkle draw), one likkle draw, (one likkle drawwwwwwwawwaww), yeah you know, (one likkle draw), one likkle draw, (one likkle draw), one likkle draw yeah, (one likkle draw), just one yeah, (one likkle drawwwwwwwww(yeah you know)wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww)(yeah), ooooooooooooohooohoooooohooooooooohoooooooooohoo (one likkle draw from the chalice) (fade out)"---Lyrics submitted by llolllzz.



Submit Corrections



 
