

Jeeerkk
I'm so cocky with it got my iced out  clubs like rocky hit
Got your girl on my swagg she lovin them jerkin songs
Like the new  ipod just touch it and turn her on
And when the bass start beatin and the waist I'm beatin
Done I got on my way I'm leavin she like where your goin I ain't got my shoes and purse
I said it's none of your concern and she yelled (your a jerk!)
So I walked out the door, called Ben J. told him it's a function he said I'm on my way
We pulled up to the party ices on my shirt and got geeked up everybody jerkin
We was jerkin to the right jerkin to the left then she popped out of nowhere she was still half dressed
She like fareal jerk you love it but it's sumthin the whole party heard her but all I could hear was

[Chorus:]
Wah wah wah wah (your a jerk)
Why you trippin I ain't even do nothin(your a jerk)
I'm a jerk you ain't neva lie
But aye do me a favor call me jerk one more time(your a jerk!)
I know
Your a jerk! (I know) [x6]

Jerk jerk jerk (jerkin)
Jerk jerk jerk(jerkin) [x15]

[Verse: Ben J.]
Everything quiet and the  bass real hard
And I stay geeked up never been a retard got a new boy swagg
And this here for ya'll so we gotta keep it separate like the jim crowe laws
I'm a beast I'm a gang and I guess I'm a jerk and I go thru big rounds
Cause ya boy here a flirt man you call me a bottle with your lil jerk lines
Then you say you brought it up but the jerk is mine
You squeezin I'm squeezin but yo shit is wack
Why you comin to the front you can push that back got ya girl on the side
She talkin sum lil stuff while she textin on the  phone Ben J. hit it rough
So I did it was good and I quickly got dressed she was like where you goin
There's another girl naked she screamed out loud Ben J.(your jerk!)
And I had nothing to say but sorry that it hurts

[Chorus:]
Wah wah wah wah (your a jerk)
Why you trippin I ain't even do nothin(your a jerk)
I'm a jerk you ain't neva lie
But aye do me a favor call me jerk one more time(your a jerk!)
I know
Your a jerk! (I know) [x6]

Your a jerk jerk jerk (jerkin)

Jerk jerk jerk(jerkin) [x15]

Excerpt geeked up

I'm jerked up [x7]---Lyrics submitted by terri.



Submit Corrections



 
