

These warehouse wages kill the ends introduction man.
I shoulda schooled it up when i was younger, shoulda stuck to plan.
Always had the dreams of being more self-assertive
now my kids a teenager, now he needs the health insurance.
so break my body, break, break my soul, down.
just another zombie walking blindly through your ghost town.

pulled up to the bar to politic and tap the power
ain't all that many people really jolly at your happy-hour.
but i don't wanna go home yet.
so i'm a talk to my cigarette and that television set
it doesn't matter what brand or station.
anything to take away from the current situation.
no over time pay, no holiday
months behind everything but the lottery.
went to run the corner guaranteeing that my car dies.
wifey having trouble trying to juggle both the part times.
my cup ain't close to filled up
 we're trying to build up so we can have enough
when i finally get the color, won't be nothing left to paint on
a friend of mine tryin to kill himself to the same song.

my better half is mad at makin magic outta canned goods
my tax bracker status got me questioning my man-hood.
my shorty got caught smokin weed at a concert
and if i smack him everybody treats me like a monster.
My neighbors ain't doing much better.
now we making competition instead of sticking together
can't save, no nest egging
in fact this nest in rented, infact the rent is late, wait
the money aint here, the raise ain't coming
it's just me, my son and that crazy woman.
and those bartenders, this whole fuckin' country
got everybody swallowin that lunch meat.

Maybe we can speed up the process
kill me in my thirties in the name of progress
contemplate my departure date
doesn't take alot to get alot of us to talk this way
take a shot at me, that's all im obligated for.
for apparently my only guarantee is a walk away.

The only guarantee in life is a life worth dying for
The only guarantee in life is a life worth dying for
Cause death don't wait for no one
Sitting on your front door
The only guarantee in life is a life worth dying for
Cause death don't wait for no one
Sitting on your front door---Lyrics submitted by zach.



Submit Corrections



 
