

She cant do what I do to you. I know she cant love you the way I love you.

Lying here looking in your eyes thinking bout what we did last night and how u firmly blew my mind. Your touch to your tender kiss couldnt take you breathing in my ear just being with you made me realize. Ohhh And everytime I see you baby I fall in love over again so proud that you are my man. And I still cant, cant get you out of my head you're all I"ve ever wanted and you jus gotta know that.
Chrous:
She cant do the things I do to you no one is loving you the way, the way I love you.
She cant be everything you need and what you need is me cause it's the way I love you.
The way that I love you, love you the way I do, the way, the way, the way I love you.

 When you smile  my mind is clear, cant imagine life without you here some way somehow you've completed me. Thankful you came my way what we have cant be replaced, you make it easy to be in love. Ohhh and everytime I see you baby and  I fall in love over again, so proud that you are my man. And I still cant, cant get you out of my head you're all I've ever wanted and you jus gotta know that.
Chrous:
She cant do the things I do to you ( she cant do), no one is loving you the way, the way I love you.
She cant be  ( no baby) everything (every lil thing baby) you need and what you need is me cause its the way I love you.
The way that I love you, love you the way I do, the way, the way, the way I love you.

Dont waste your time baby you know that your mine baby. She cant satisfy, the way that I do. Cause she cant love you like I do.
Chrous:
She cant do the things I do to you no one is loving you  the way, the way I love you.
She cant be( she could never be baby) everything  ( cause you know what you need is me, she cant do what I do, it's the way that I love you) and what you need is me cause it's the way I love you.
She cant do the things I do to you (please listen to me baby) no one is loving you the way, the way I love you. She cant be everything you ( you, you baby) need and what you need is me cause it's  ( the way, the way I love you) the way I love you.
The way that I love you, love you the way I do,the way, the way. The way I love you.
The way that I love you, love you the way I do, the way, the way. The way I love you.---Lyrics submitted by Tish.



Submit Corrections



 
