

Kage, (yeah)
Lets go to this drive through,(oh good im starvin)
(may i help you)
Yeah, umm, uhh
(can i have your order)
yeah, uhh, im looking at the menu
uhh,
(would you like special curly fries?)
please dont, dont, dont offer me anything,
ill tell you what i want,
(ok)
umm,ok you know how you have the six piece nuggets
(the..the six piece nuggets?)
just uhh, can ya just give me four nuggets,
im tryin ta..
(that comes i six or twelve piece)
shut up and listen to my order
take the six nuggets and throw two of them away
im just wanting a four nugget thing, im tryin to watch my calerie intake
(that comes in six or twelve piece)
PUTT TWO OF THEM UP YOUR ASS and give me four chicken McNuggets
(alright ,a six peice nugget)
then can i have a junior western bacon chi,a JUNIOR western bacon chi,
im trying to watch my figure
(a western bacon cheeseburger)
a JUNIOR western bacon chi,
(would you like that with onions)
no onions,
(western bacon sheese, twelve and six piece nuggets)
and im gunna go with a fillett of fish sandwich since that has less calleries
cuz its fish,now if you could take a cokacola and just go half cokacola 
half diet coke,cuz im tryin to watch my figure
tryin to lose some of the weight
(you want half cokacola half diet coke?)
and a SMALL, A SMALL, chocolate shakecuz im tryin to watch my figure
not a large a small
(it comes in small, medium, large)
ummm, also a small seasoned curly, SMALL seasoned curlys
(ok ok, a small seasoned curly)
umm, fuck my ass, what else give me uhh
alright cherries jubilee and thats it
wait kage what do you want?
uhhh, jeez let me have uhh ithink i want the regular 
western bacon cheeseburger large shake umm  seas...
AUGHHH god come on with the order 
im i ahh
you take forever 
thats all i want thats all i want
good how much is that sir
(that will be uhhh... $14.75 at the window please drive up.)
do you have any money
oh shoot yeah i got.. you have som...i got..
give it to me ok we only have uhh
alright im gunna need to cancel the last two things on the order
(ok cancel...)
ok thank you lets go---Lyrics submitted by ben.



Submit Corrections



 
