

A long ass fuckin time ago in a town called kickapoo, 
there lived a humble family, religious thru and thru,
But yeah there was a black sheep and they knew just what to do.

His name was young JB and he refused to step in line,
a vision he did see of fucking rocking all the time,
He wrote a tasty jam and all the planets did align.....

OO the dragons balls were blazin as i stepped into his cave,
and i sliced his fucking cockles with a long and shiny blade.
Twas i who fucked the dragon fuck a lie sing fuck a loo,
and if you try to fuck with me then i shall fuck you too.....

got to get it on in the party zone.
gotta shoot a load in the party zone.
gotta lick a toad in the party zone.
gotta suck a chode in the party zone.

WAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!!

You disobeyed my orders son why were you ever born?
your brother is ten times better than you jesus loves him more.
This music that you play for us comes from the depths of hell.
rock and roll is the devils work he wants you to rebel.
youve become a mindless puppet, beelzelbub will pull the strings,
your heart will lose direction, and chaos it will bring.....

you better shut your mouth you better watch your tone.
your grounded for a week with no telephone.
dont let me hear you cry dont let me hear you moan.
you gotta praise the lord when your in my home.

dio can can you hear me? i am lost and so alone.
im asking for your guidance, wont you come down from your throne.
I need the tight compadre who will teach me how to rock,
my father thinks your evil but man he can suck a cock.
Rock is not the devils work its magical and rad.
i'll never rock as long as i am stuck here with my dad......

i hear you brave young jables, you are hungry for the rock,
but to learn the ancient methods secret doors you must unlock.
escape your fathers clutches on this oppresive neighborhood,
on a journey you must go to find the land of hollywoooooooodd.

In the city of fallen angels, where the ocean meets the sand,
you will form a strong alliance and the worlds most awesome band.
to find your fame and fortune, thru the valley you must walk,
you will face your inner demons, now goo my soon and ROOOOOCCCKKK!!!!

so he bailed from fucking kickapoo with hunger in his heart,
and he journeyed far and wide to find the secrets of his art.
but in the end he knew he'd find his counterpart.---Lyrics submitted by jamie.



Submit Corrections



 
