

(feat. James Fortune)

Ha ha ha, you know people have no idea what you went through to get to where you are.
So many times it seemed like it was over, but God. Isaac Carree, tell em about it.

Every time I think that I'm all by myself, I just look up in the sky and that's where I find my help.

You might think that you got it all worked out and you think that everything's okay.
There ain't nothing that you done to deserve His mercy, and His grace.
(He gives us what we don't deserve, that's why we say it's amazing.)

You were bout to lose everything, but God (I know I'm not the only one who's been there).
When the doctor said any day, but God (He made the doctor).
And the devil tried to test your faith but God (He thought he really had you this time).
But God, yeah but God. Nobody but GOD. But GOD!

Give me one good reason why you should still be alive.
That accident you passed last night was meant to take your life.
It would have been you in the grave, you could have been with the pain.
When the judge said twenty to life, should have been calling your name, but God.

There ain't nothing that you done to deserve His mercy, and His grace
(Can I get a witness on that? Thank ya Isaac.)

You were bout to lose everything, but God.
When the doctor said any day, but God (then you went back and he couldn't find nothing!).
And the devil tried to test your faith, but God.
(If ya grateful for a but GOD in your life.)
But God, yeah but GOD, nobody, but God, but GOD.

Just know that there ain't no situation that you've come out of on your own (He's always been right there wit ya).
Right in the middle of the last don't mean your life.
Might have thought that you were by yourself, but he was right there by your side.

You were bout to lose everything, but God (In the hospital with your baby).
When the doctor said any day, but God. And the devil tried to test your faith, but God.
(you thought it was over) But God, yeah but God, nobody, but GOD, but GOD!

And to every survivor listening, who's ever been counted out and even canceled out.
And your situation may have looked impossible and now people are looking for an explanation on how in the world you made it through what you went through.
I don't want you to let everybody in all your business, but I just want you to look at them and give em the short version of your testimony and just tell em, you know what, it was nobody, BUT GOD! ---



Submit Corrections



 
