

Everyone knows that cancer, takes bites of every family
And it eats up families whole

Dance around the issue, take issue with the answers provided
The past few years radiate with treatment,
But to every day she'll put her cap on and greet them.
She's got demons but you'll never meet them
Yeah we hope one day that she can finally beat them all!!

She laughs for us, she laughs so we don't worry.
She smiles through the pain, and keeps the details blurry!!!

My intentions are not to expose, the depths of her trouble aren't mine to disclose
But like evening rain on the petal of a rose, It drips down to the earth and begins to compose!

And if there's one thing that remains, so crystal clear to us,
It's that the wandering hands of the gods, are so goddamn mysterious..

Like there could be a justification!!
For the lives it takes and the lives that it's taken!!

This isn't a eulogy or a requiem.
Just some words I've sketched out, cause I haven't said them.
This isn't about her father or brother, just a few simple words so she knows that I love her!!
And tragedy will never disaffect her, I hope she knows how much I respect her!!

My intentions are not too expose, inverse or repose,
The depths of her troubles aren't mine to disclose.
But like evening rain on the petal of a rose,
It drips down to the earth and begins to compose...

A song worth singing, a world that keeps on stinging.
And one sinking feeling, it's always worth clinging onto.
And a stone at a glass house, that's always worth slinging!!

She laughs for us, she laughs so we don't worry..
She smiles through the pain, and keeps the details blurry!!

My intentions are not to expose, the depths of her trouble aren't mine to disclose
But like evening rain on the petal of a rose, tt drips down to the earth and begins to compose!!

Saints walk the earth, they all patrol the skies
They're the people right behind you, riding tandem through the night!
It's the comfort that's discovered, between two sets of eyes.
It's the hand that stills the other, that shakes like candlelight, 
Like candlelight...---Lyrics submitted by Amelia.



Submit Corrections



 
