

Day one the light fades, the music is full of bass,
She's all up in my face, I can't believe she's so close,
Feeling her grind made me lose my mind,
I'm just plain old take home material, take home material.

I keep my fingers crossed,
Hoping to find a way to show you what I'm made of,
Throw all our worries to the wind.

(I backtracked, stabbed at you,)
(Followed the tracks to a cabin filled with wooden spoons.)
(Then a shred of lead ripped my hoodie in two,)
(Theres no telling what my evil twin brother wouldnt do.)

I wake up drenched in sweat
Wondering who I'm lying with,
What a joke there's nothing left to explore.

Find myself at the end of a bottle,
Laying in your bed hoping to find out where I'm at
(The weight can make you trip, but you won't fall down.)
It's gone away my song so long.

(Accept fresh, fresh can of broccoli,)
(I can hate you if you are gawking.)
(Unless fresh, fresh can of broc')
(Ill be leaning towards a centimeter short of much.)

As the sun goes down baby I'm in town
Hoping to find someone to take it all,
I know I'm right when I say go away
You get around, oh. you get around, oh.
You get around, oh, you're busy fucking everyone,
you're busy fucking everyone, Oh you're busy fucking everyone.

Find myself at the end of a bottle,
Laying in your bed hoping to find out where I'm at
(The weight can make you trip, but you won't fall down.)
It's gone away my song so long

Feeling my heart race
Drenched in sweat.
As I wonder
I'm not scared, not prepared
Lay down flat on your back
Open up girl let's play attack,
Lets waste our time.

(Back on top, but my blocks mowed down)
(Man Im fit)
(Yeah my stomachs never touched the ground)
(But Im courteous)
(Still keep it real with my nerdyness)
(14ths my birthday)
(Her's is on the 30th)
(If you were dead I bet this shit would bloom)
(Get a standing ovation from an empty room)
(Fuck your ass)
(I dont want your cereal)
(You can get your wig split back)
(I'll be the same ol G.)---Lyrics submitted by Chris Carter.



Submit Corrections



 
