

[x2]
I threw her away on the second we met.
I couldn't have lied - I tried.
I was cashing a check.
(The ink was smeared.)
(The lines were drawn and scribbled unclear.)
(A cancellation, it's time to learn to fly.)

(Now that I've decided that you can't be
Now that I've decided that you can't be trusted
Now that I've decided that you can't be
Now that I've decided that you can't be trusted
Now that I've decided that you can't be
Now that I've decided that you can't be)

One by one. (Wasn't that fun?)
This party dies. (Fade away.)
Late night phone calls that end in surprise.

I can't believe you would give up your dignity, (Fade away.)
Just to take a ride with me.
And how does it feel to be used.
Climb in the back seat,
Like luggage.

[x2]
Whores don't trip;
They bleed on the tapestry.
Whores don't trip;
They bleed at the bar.

It's your persistence that makes me sick;
It's not the sight of your face.
And now I am so faint, caught up in just this way.
I know that you can be more than this.
This wasn't what I wanted.
You said I sewed that dream alive.
Climb farther into hate. Is it this back seat making you itch?
Morals become something from a dream.
This isn't the way to blow off steam.
It's all in your head...

Give up.. this is making me sick
My patience is wearing thin.
I will be leaving you now. Stay away for long

Drag his body down to the mill. (Stationed wit, I believe, will go there.)
Cut the ice with counterfeit bills.
I'll take my share. (Stationed wit, I believe, will go there.)
Like lightning bolts that strike down in pairs. (Stationed wit, I believe, will go there.)

This is all justified.
This is all justified. (Stationed wit, I believe, will go there.)
Step aside and watched the lie.
This is all justified. (Stationed wit, I believe, will go there.)
This is all justified - (Stationed wit, I believe, will go there.)
Won't heal in time. (Stationed wit, I believe, will go there.)
This is all justified now.

Now we're all afraid to see why we can't give it up.
But now your shirt comes off.
I need something more tonight than your word.---Lyrics submitted by Cynthia.



Submit Corrections



 
