

Someone please!
Let's write a script that's made for me
That makes you people want to see me
I've got a wish, I've got a wish
That all of this was something special
I need a drink, I need a pill
No way I'll stop until you're sober
She's already said that I was on drugs,
Let's give some money to that bitch.

Or I could just get a real fucking job

I am a prick, look at me go
I could get lucky finding success, I'm a bitch
Imma go get some new expensive shit
All that I hurt, emotions they suck
I'll just tell people I don't give a fuck about that shit

Ain't nobody fucking with me, man
Ain't nobody fucking with me

Listen as the sound of my voice,
croaking it's drama across an orchestra of friendly faces
singing along their dying concern

Listen as the sound of my voice,
croaking it's drama across an orchestra of friendly faces
singing along, their dying concern to my bullshit

Where did our honor go? I think I know
We're always fucking each other in bathrooms at parties
Where did my money go? I spent it on blow
You know that I fucked all my homies ho's
Where did our morals go? I left them in Cabo
My parents can pay for the abortion, you know
Who has a plan? We hold out our hands,
and hope for a free ride to successful endeavors
the weak are the liars, something to bite
I am too cynical to say I don't give a fuck
the weak are the liars, something to bite
I am too cynical to say I don't give a fuck

I need money
I need clothes
I need women
I need blow
Something is very fucking wrong

Resting your head on your best friend's sister's shoulder
Your mother's job is to fuck all your neighbors
Bodies thrusting to the beat of our shame

Where did our honor go? I think I know
We're always fucking each other in bathrooms at parties
Where did my money go? I spent it on blow
You know that I fucked all my homies ho's
Where did our morals go? I left them in Cabo
My parents can pay for the abortion, you know
Who has a plan? We hold out our hands,
and hope for a free ride to successful endeavors

Give my regards to all you shady fucks
Thorn in my fucking side
Loyalty
Honesty
Trust
Respect
Humility
Sincerity
We are all so full of fucking shit
We are all so full of fucking shit
Kurt:
"Uneasy hearts weigh the most, oh uneasy hearts they weigh the most...
Maybe i can find a place for you with all the things you do,
I have no clue, watching you, lately I, have been hoping to,
in thought of what to say, what they don't find out"---Lyrics submitted by samantha.



Submit Corrections



 
