

Somethin' that you must know (Mmm...)
There's somethin' that you must know (I've been waitin' on you)
It's somethin' that you must know (Come on in)
It's somethin' that you must know (And stay for a while)

There is somethin' that you must know (Can I talk to you)
There is somethin' that you must know (Say what's on my mind)
Here is somethin' that you must know (Ooh, boy)
I'mma tell ya, I'mma tell ya, I'mma tell ya (Ooh, listen to me)

There's somethin' in my soul ain't right
I can's sleep at night
Wonderin' when the change gon?come
I'm feelin' that I'm not the only one

Tell me when I turn you off
Doctor say it's not my fault
All the neighbors stop and stare
My pastor says to stay in prayer

It will rain (Oh...ho...)
There'll be pain (Only for a little while)
Trouble will come (Yeah, they will)
Understand (Ooh...)

Count it on joy (You gotta count)
Mornin' will come (After the rain)
The sun will shine (Yeah, yeah)
Keep your head high (Mmm, uh-huh)

I can't believe the way you talk
Seems you wanna call it off
Friends see you treatin' me like dirt
What happened to "Better or for worse"

I need answers (Can you tell me)
Too much pressure (Too, too much, too bad)
I don't understand you (Oh...whoa...whoa...)
Do I really miss you (Said it will)

It will rain (Yeah, yeah)
There'll be pain (But only for a little while)
Trouble will come (Oh, yeah...yeah...)
Understand (Count it on)

Count it on joy (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Mornin' will come (After the darkness)
The sun will shine (Sun will shine)
Keep your head high (Yeah)

Oh, I've tried (Tried to leave you)
But, I (Boy, I love you)
I can't let go (Seems I can't let go)
Oh...whoa...
Oh...oh...oh...whoa...

I don't ever wanna lose my baby
But this pain just drives me crazy
Feels like I'm goin' insane
But I gotta be strong 'cause it will rain

It will rain (Some times there will be pain)
There'll be pain (Some times troubles will come)
Trouble will come (Oh...well, you gotta)
Understand (Oh, count it on joy)

Count it on joy (Oh...yeah)
Mornin' will come (After the rain)
The sun will shine (So keep your head up)
Keep your head high ('cause God will take care of you)

It will rain (Oh, yes, He will)
There'll be pain (Some times there will be pain)
Trouble will come (Oh...whoa...ho...)
Understand (Count it on joy)

Count it on joy (Oh...ho...)
Mornin' will come (After the rain it will)
The sun will shine (The sun will shine)
Keep your head high (Ooh...ooh...ooh...)

It will rain---Lyrics submitted by bri.



Submit Corrections



 
