

Verse 1
In spreading Christs aroma, Ive been a lot of places
Stood on many stages, seen a lot of faces
One question Ive heard a thousand and ten times
Yo Shai, tell me whats your thoughts on the end times?
In certain circles, I get all kinds of looks
When I tell them I disagree with the Left Behind books
Some get hostile, I tell them its not the gospel
Plus we shouldnt take our theology from a novel
Or tradition- no need for tension or division
Because many Christians have embraced different positions
I do have a view, but I admit I could be wrong
This is secondary to the gospel we agree on
So this is non-essential bro, Ill still defend it though
I hold to the view known as Amillennial
Songs this is not typical, its difficult
But I intend to show you exactly why its Biblical

Chorus

We in the last days, its the end times
No time for the spiritually thin rhymes
Yeah, gotta infiltrate your section
With Christs death, burial and resurrection
And when He comes back, see the sky crack
Where you at? Yeah, its like that
And when He comes back, see the sky crack
Where you at? Where you at?

Verse 2

So what do I mean when I say Amillennial?
Its kind of complicated, Ill try to keep it simple though
The primary Scriptural passage for meditation
Is found in the 20th chapter of Revelation
According to the Amillennial interpretation
Christs death on the cross greatly hindered the works of Satan
Bound him so he could no longer deceive the nations
John 12:31- See the correlation?
Revelation 20 verse 4 explains the present
Reign of the faithful beheaded saints in heaven
And thats the point- Christ reigns from where Hes at now
At the right hand of the Father since He sat down
Ruling in the midst of His enemies, theyre hostile
Extending His Kingdom through the spread of the gospel
But whens the millennium? You might find it pretty stunning
The whole time between Jesus first and second coming
His first coming was the kingdom inaugurated
His second coming will be the kingdom consummated
And yes, theres a rapture- still, this is clear
The rapture doesnt mean Christians will disappear
It means theyll be caught up, changed in a moment
The blessing of all whove been saved through atonement
His coming wont be secret though and this is a fact
When Jesus comes back, its a wrap!

Chorus

Verse 3

The New Testament speaks of two ages, son
Thats the present evil age and the age to come
This age has murder, hate, we yearn and wait
The next age? A burning lake, eternal state
One question to ask if you hold a different view
Which age does the things youre reading about fit into?
Something for your study I want to share and give
Revelation contains seven parallel narratives
And what theyre describing? Again its pretty stunning
The time between Christs first and second coming
The thousand year reign is not literal or physical
But Christ will return in full glory and visible
A few final comments, some food for thought
Keep your eyes on Christ, not the news reports
And even if we disagree, true believers hum with me
Come, Lord Jesus, come quickly!

Chorus ---



Submit Corrections



 
