

come one, come all you're just in time to witness my first breakdown 
cause there's a mile gone for every second when I'm be stuck in this town

I've got a bone to pick with you, Mr. DJ. 
The traffic in this town is just as bad as it is in L.A. 
So go on and lock me up you better throw away that key 
before I find out where you broadcast from because your playlist is killing me. 
I'll change that station. Light it up like the fourth of July. 

It's me I'm caller fifteen time to play my last request.

Come one, come all you're just in time to witness my first breakdown 
cause there's a mile gone for every minute passed when I'm wasting space in this town. 
Don't call the doctors I don't need no medication 
I just need one more vaction and make it last.

Hear me out please judge and jury I'm an innocent man 
and it would be such a terrible injustice
to put me away without thinking about all the terrible mistakes that 
God damn radio jockey he makes I swear he's out to get me 
oh I swear he's out to get me. 
I'll change that station light it up like the fourth of July 
it's me I'm caller fifteen but it's too late for explainations
 this brodcast will be your last

Come one, come all you're just in time to witness my first breakdown 
cause there's a mile gone for every minute passed when I'm wasting space in this town. 
Don't call the doctors I don't need no medication 
I just need one more vacation and make it last.

Hear me out please (whoa-oh-oh-oh) Judge and jury (whoa-oh-oh-oh) I swear he's out to get 
oh I swear he's out to get me. Go on and lock me up (whoa-oh-oh-oh) 
you better throw away that key 
(whoa-oh-oh-oh) I swear he's out to get me 
oh I swear he's out to get me. 
I've got a bone to pick with you, Mr. Dj. 
You really outta lock me up because your playlist is killing me.

Come one come all you're just in time to witness my first breakdown 
cause there's mile gone for every minute passed when I'm wasting space in this town. 
Don't call the doctors I don't need no medication I just need one more vacation 
and make it last.---Lyrics submitted by Emma.



Submit Corrections



 
