

Comments - Devil
When people hear about some psycho killer, it can lead them to thinking about the nature of evil, which leads to thoughts about right or wrong or bad or good.
All that thinking can get ugly.
Yeah, you don't want to consider crap like that, you just want them to go through with living their lives.
Mmm, what do you do to gut their souls?

Verse 1  Suffa
I was granted an audience in the devils maze,
I sat by his throne and we talked for days,
He told me about his ancient battles with arch-angels,
He told me loneliness was the torture most painful,
He said if I filled my lifetime with sin,
I could earn myself a seat that was right by him,
And if I didnt, that was fine by him,
Cos everyday a million souls just fly right in,
He could barely keep up with the souls of all the people,
Its not easy being sole controller of all evil,
He said Too many people want to burn with me,
I swear free wills a bitch and sos eternity,
So what you learn from me might save you from suffering,
You dont want to see the bowels of the earth rupturing,
Take a breath, suck it in, I got more to tell,
And times of no consequence when youre in hell.

Comments - Devil
What do you do to gut their souls?
I don't do squat anymore, they do it all for you.
I'm not sure if I'm following?
Mankind has progressed to a point in it's Dim-witted history, where life has been drained of all its enchantment.

Verse 2  Suffa
I had a lot a questions;
I asked the devil to explain
Why I always think that people have it in for me?
And why I always feel like the skys closing in on me?
This is what he said,
The skys not falling its just angels committing suicide,
Cos theyre so saddened by humans using genocide,
As a political tool, considering all you humans have,
The way you act belittles you all,
Now hell is so full that we started expanding,
Damnation is a business and the markets demanding.
I asked him if the city streets buckled and cracked,
And hell rose to earth then would heaven collapse?
He smiled; I knew that smile was his response,
I thought to myself, hes almost got what he wants,
He said Ill tell you my one desire,
Thats for earth itself to become my empire,
Every politicians like a gun for hire.
Even the church of nativitys come under fire,
So you can tell Im getting close to my goal,
Of creating a world where I can torture every soul.

Chorus
Sitting with the devil, this is what I learned,
Apart from the ways a human soul can be burned,
Its that though we learn from our mistakes were condemned,
To make those same mistakes again and again,
Sitting with the devil, this is what I learned,
Apart from the ways a human soul can be burned,
Its that though we learn from our mistakes were condemned,
To make those same mistakes
again and again,
again and again,
again and again,

again and again.

And Time keeps, time keeps slipping away,
Like I keep, I keep slipping away,
My time keeps, time keeps slipping away,
Like I keep, I keep slipping away,
My time keeps, time keeps slipping away,
Like I keep, I keep slipping away,
My time keeps, time keeps slipping away,
Like I keep, Like I keep - 

I keep slipping away, I keep slipping away...

Mankind has progressed to a point in it's Dim-witted history, where life has been drained of all its enchantment. All I gotta do is sit back and enjoy. He he!---Lyrics submitted by Bram.



Submit Corrections



 
