

Love at first site
Is is forever or fly by night?
Love at first sight
Whose to sat it's wrong or right

Hello? This is Dana who's speaking?
Oh Jackie!! How you doing?
Been a long time hasn't it?

Nah there be none of that babe
My plane leaves in about an hour
I don't think so my show starts
when I get back
But um rum thanks for calling anyway

It's been nice knowing you
Well it was nice knowing you
You take care yourself
Oh and don't give out my number
Thanks

Now I can still remember when we first met
It was one day that I will neva forget
6:00 the approximate hour
Not really cloudy expecting sun showers

I was taking a stroll halfway across town
Then like expected the rain came down
I picked up my pace for a date I raced
Ran to a soft object in my hace

On the ground we faced hot silk and lace
It was my eye her body I slowly cased
The pouring rain had drenched her dress
But I loved the way the cloth had
Clinged and caressed

Excuse me! that was my first response
Took her up on her feet
And gave her my trenchcoat
Somehow it happened while I covered her back
When her eyes and mine first made contact
The looks we gave changed the way we were
Now it was us and not me and her

Well you wouldn't understand
But maybe you might
I guess you can call it Love At First sight

Love at first site
Is is forever or fly by night?
Love at first sight
Whose to sat it's wrong or right

Now even the rain pour was easy to ignore
Only this young lady is what I saw
She was a sweet female tender not frail
Other word beautiful no need for details

I introduced myself "Hi my name is Dane
Can I get you out of this pourin' rain?"
"Sure" she said "By the way I'm Jackie"
Staring at me as I hailed down the taxi

We jumped in the cab and slowly moved off
She wasn't holdin' my hand and it felt so soft
Now on my ear she mentally chewed
And I knew it was more than just gratitude

So I took it upon myself to invite her to my house
I guess she didn't mind because her clothes were damp
Pay the cabbies fee,took out my house keys
Opened up the door and said "enter please"

Took her to the bathroom to hang the clothes on the line
And gave her one of my shirts by Calvin Klein
We to my bedroom and took off my wet wardrobe
I freshened up a bit and put on my silk robe

We met in the front near the roaring flame
Where we sat quietly sipping on champagne
Her eyes said things beyond the use of words
And the crackling flame was all I heard

It had felt as though we were on our honeymoon
As we moved from the front into the bedroom
We made passionate love the night we met
And by the time we fell asleep there was no regrets

Well you wouldn't understand or maybe you might
I guess you can call it Love at first sight

Love at first site
Is is forever or fly by night?
Love at first sight
Whose to sat it's wrong or right

Love at first site
Is is forever or fly by night?
Love at first sight
Whose to sat it's wrong or right

I woke up the next morning she was not there
Maybe she fixing breakfast or doin' her hair
I got out of my bed threw on me housecoat
When I noticed on the mirror she left a note
Saying "Sorry Dane I could not stay.
Please meet me 1:00 where we met yesterday"

Well I had time 2 hours and a half
So I laid out my clothes and took a bath
I ate a good breakfast had time to spare
So then I got dressed and I dallied over there

I reached my destination not a cloud in sight
It was cool, kind of windy and the sun was bright
Now I was on time but she didn't show
And that was about 20 minutes ago

I stayed a little longer bout a half an hour
Felt a raindrop maybe it's a sunshower
I soon to see that my thoughts were wrong
Because the raindrop became an all out storm

And there I was standing in the rain
And the lady that I looked for never came
I was hurt and it showed on my face
As I tracked in the rain back to my place

Slowly I walked hopin' to bump into her
Me be in love? Nah I barely knew her
I got home angry and depressed
And my Bally shoes were a total mess
But that was the last thing on my mind
As I sat on the couch staring into time

Well I had her numba and she had mine
But if she really wanted me
She woulda dropped me a line
Day after day the weeks went by
She didn't call even to say hi

I woulda called her first but I got my pride
And I really don't care to myself I lied
And there was no reason for me to be sad
Just remember that good time that we had
Cuz I learned a little something that you should know
To keep somethings you got to let them go

Well you wouldn't understand and maybe you might
I guess you can call it Love at first sight

Love at first site
Is is forever or fly by night?
Love at first sight
Whose to sat it's wrong or right

Love at first site
Is is forever or fly by night?
Love at first sight
Whose to sat it's wrong or right

Well it was nice knowing you
You take care your self
Oh and don't give out my number
Thanks---Lyrics submitted by Christine.



Submit Corrections



 
