

Chorus. [C-Lite] 
I could play the background. 
I could play the background. 
Cause I know sometimes I get in the way. 
So won't You take the lead, lead, lead, lead, lead. 
So won't You take the lead, lead, lead, lead, lead. 
And I can play the background, the background. 
And You can take the lead. 

Verse 1 [Lecrae] 
It's evident You run the show, so let me back down. 
You take the leading role, and I'll play the background. 
I know I miss my cues, know I forget my lines 
I'm sticking to Your script, and I'm reading all Your signs. 
I don't need my name in lights. 
I don't need a starring role. 
And why gain the whole wide world, if I'm just gon' loose my soul. 
And my ways ain't purified, I'll live according to Your Word. 
I can't endure this life without Your wisdom being heard. 
So word to every dancer for a pop star, 
Cause we all play the background, but mine's a Rock Star. 
Yeah. So if you need me I'll be stage right. 
Prayin' the whole world will start embracing stage fright. 
So let me fall back and stop giving my suggestions 
Cause when I follow my obsessions I end up confessing. 
That I'm not that impressive, matter of fact I'm who I are. 
A trail of star dust leading to the Superstar. 

Chorus. 

Verse 2 [Lecrae] 
I had a dream that I was captain of my soul. 
I was master of my fate, lost control, and then I sank. 

[ From: http://www.metrolyrics.com/background-lyrics-lecrae.html ]

So I don't want to take the lead 
Cause I'm prone to make mistakes. 
All these folks that follow me gon' end up in the wrong place. 
So, just let me shadow You, and just let me trace Your lines. 
Matter of fact just take my pen. 
Here, You create my rhymes. 
Cause if I do this by myself I'm scared that I'll succeed. 
And no longer trust in You, cause I only trust in me. 
And see, that's how you end up headed to destruction. 
Paving a road to nowhere. Pour your life out for nothing. 
You pulled my card, I'm bluffing 
You know what's in my hand. 
Me, I just roll to trust You, You cause the dice to land. 
I'm in control of nothing. Follow You at any cost. 
Some call it sovereign will, all I know is You the boss. 
And man I'm so at ease. I'm so content. 
I play the background like it's an instrument. 

Chorus. 

Bridge. [Lecrae] 
I know I'm safest when I'm in Your will and trust Your word. 
And I know I'm dangerous when I trust myself, my vision blurred. 
And I ain't got no time to play life's foolish games. 
Got plenty aims, but do they really glorify Your name? 
And it's a shame the way I want to do these things for You, yet, 
Don't even cling to You. Take time to sit and glean from You. 
It seems that You were patient in my ignorance. 
If ignorance is bliss, its cause she never heard of this. 

Chorus. 2x---Lyrics submitted by Brennan.



Submit Corrections



 
