

U have just accessed the hate experience
Do u wish 2 change your entry? 
Very well, please enjoy your experience
I never thought that u would be the one
After all the things that weve been through
U gave your body 2 another in the name of fun
I hope u had some baby, if not, boo hoo

Chorus:
Its so sad but I hate u like a day without sunshine
Its so bad but I hate u cuz ure all thats ever on my mind
Honey, I hate u - now everyday would be a waste of time
Cuz I hate u

I never thought that I could feel this way
2 fall in love was a table reserved 4 fools
Say ure sorry if u wanna but its all in vain
Im out the door sweet baby, thats right, were through

Chorus

This court is now in session
Would the defendant please rise? 
State your name 4 the court
Never mind (billy jack bitch)
Ure being charged with one 2 many counts of heartbreaking
In the 1st degree
I dont give a damn about the others
My main concern is u and me

Your honor, may I call 2 the stand my one and only witness? 
A girl that know damn well she didnt have no damn business
I know what u did, how u did it and uh.. who u did it with
So u might as well plead guilty cuz u sure cant plead the 5th
Now raise your right hand
Do u swear 2 tell the whole truth
Not the half truth like u used 2 so help u god? 
Nod your head one time if u hear me
If u dont, Ill have 2 use the rod
Anything 2 make u see that uh.. ure gonna miss me
Yeah, ure gonna miss me
Uh, uh, uh, oh!

If it please the court
Id like 2 have the defendant place her hands behind her back
So I can tie her up tight and get into the act
The act of showing her how good it used 2 be
I want it 2 be so good she falls back in love with me

Close your eyes
Im gonna cover your ass with this sheet
And I want u 2 pump your hips like u used 2
And, baby, u better stay on the beat
Did u do 2 your other man the same things that u did 2 me? 
Right now I hate u so much I wanna make love until u see
That its killin me, baby, 2 be without u
Cuz all I ever wanted 2 do was 2 be with u ... ow!

I hate u (I hate u)
Because I love u (because I love u)
But I cant love u (I cant love u)
Because I hate u (I hate u)

Because I love u
I love u, baby
I love u {x3}

I love u cuz ure all thats ever on my mind
I hate u because I love u---Lyrics submitted by Joyful.



Submit Corrections



 
