

On the first page of our story, the future seemed so bright.
    And this thing turned out so evil, I dont know why Im still surprised.
    Even angels have their wicked schemes and you take that to new extremes.
    But youll always be my hero, even though you lost your mind.

    Just gonna stand there and watch me burn,
    But thats alright because I like the way it hurts.
    Just gonna stand there and hear me cry,
    But thats alright because I love the way you lie, I love the way you lie.
    I love the way you lie.

    Now this gravel in our voices, glass is shattered from the fight.
    In this tug of war, youll always win, even when Im right.
    Cause you feed me fables from your hand,
    With violent words and empty threats and its sick that all these battles are what keeps me satisfied.

    Just gonna stand there and watch me burn,
    But thats alright because I like the way it hurts.
    Just gonna stand there and hear me cry,
    But thats alright because I love the way you lie, I love the way you lie.
    Ohhh, I love the way you lie.

    So maybe Im a masochist
    I try to run but I dont wanna ever leave.
    Til the walls are goin up in smoke with all our memories.

    [Eminem]
    This morning, you wake, a sunray hits your face
    smeared makeup as we lay in the wake of destruction
    hush baby, speak softly, tell me Ill be sorry that you
    pushed me into the coffee table last night so I can push you off me
    try and touch me so I can scream at you not to touch me
    run out the room and Ill follow you like a lost puppy
    baby, without you, Im nothing, Im so lost, hug me
    then tell me how ugly I am, but that youll always love me
    then after that, shove me, in the aftermath of the
    destructive path that were on, two psychopaths but we
    know that no matter how many knives we put in each others backs
    that well have each others backs, cause were that lucky
    together, we move mountains, lets not make mountains out of molehills,
    you hit me twice, yeah, but whos countin
    I may have hit you three times, Im startin to lose count
    but together, well live forever, we found the youth fountain
    our love is crazy, were nuts, but I refused counselin
    this house is too huge, if you move out Ill burn all two thousand
    square feet of it to the ground, aint shit you can do about it
    with you Im in my fkin mind, without you, Im out it

    Just gonna stand there and watch me burn,
    But thats alright because I like the way it hurts.
    Just gonna stand there and hear me cry,
    But thats alright because I love the way you lie, I love the way you lie.
    Ohhh, I love the way you lie.
    I love the way you lie.---Lyrics submitted by wini.



Submit Corrections



 
