

This is a real life jack in progress. Nigga give up your shit or take 
two tha chest with tha cripness 
'cause I aint fuckn around G,so take a look at a real at a real live nigga 
that craaazy and get ready to 
die loc,any last wordz before your ass gets smoked,it aint a joke 'cause my 
pockets is broke my friend 
thats why I gotta do u in. Give up your endz and your gold and your 
Nik's and anything else I 
might like and then Im off in the wind again to catch tha next sucka 
slippn taken two to tha chin. 
Im on a role two niggaz in one night didnt even have to fight,just 
pulled out my 9 to end anothers 
life. Thats real life so forget tha silly shit you heard,Now Nigga tell 
me do you have any last wordz. 

"'cause its the end of tha world and still niggaz aint got no satisfaction. 
So I take my 9 put it on my 
?? for some cop now Im blastn, 'cause Im known as a G and Im coming from tha Cpt. 
And you should know bitch ass niggaz running back cant fuck with Eazy" 

"Word'em up" [several times] 

Another murder I comitted made front page a nigga dead from a drive by 
did with a 12 gauge. The 
first stage of insanity people say it aint wise to get faded off the 
ST.Ides. A mother cries,another 
son lies in a casket,life was fun while it lasted. Tha silly bastard had 
to get caught,tripn and set 
tripn,you should of seen that niggaz blood dripping.To many lives took 
to many hearts broke,but 
you dont hear me so you see my fuckn gun smoke. Some ask why do I take 
so many lives from the 
innocent little ones. But where I come from we take shit real,you peel 
caps so you gotta get your 
cap peeled. Grab your steel forget about what you heard,its Do or Die 
Nigga,any last wordz? 

[ From: http://www.metrolyrics.com/any-last-werdz-lyrics-eazy-e.html ]


"'cause its the end of tha world and still niggaz aint got no satisfaction. 
So I take my 9 put it on my 
?? for some cop now Im blastn,'cause Im known as a G and Im coming from 
tha Cpt. And you 
should know bitch ass niggaz running back cant fuck with Eazy" 

"Word'em up" [repeated several times] 

I got tha 9 and Im fixing to str8 creep,feel I need to take another life 
so I peep. Checking the 
scene,but staying low so Im not seen case I gotta get away gotta make 
tha shit clean G. So Im 
looking for a victim.Gotta be right,took my time and I picked him,Scoped 
shit then I licked'em now 
Im back in the news,no clues,but yet another murder. You should of heard 
the nigga squill when I 
stuck his ass,I had to grin 'cause its funny nigga fuck his ass. He aint 
tha last and surely aint tha first 
G,but his monkey ass rolled away in a hurst G. So Im feeling some what 
relieved,just another day 
in tha life of tha E-Z. A real G so forget tha silly shit you heard,its 
do or die Eazy-E gets that last word. 

"'cause its the end of tha world and still niggaz aint got no satisfaction. 
So I take my 9 put it on my 
?? for some cop now Im blastn,'cause Im known as a G and Im coming from 
tha Cpt. And you 
should know bitch ass niggaz running back cant fuck with Eazy" 

"Word'em up" [several times]---Lyrics submitted by dickie.



Submit Corrections



 
