

(J-Dog)
Welcome to a city that'll bring you to your knees,
It'll make you Beg for more, until you can't even Breath. 
Your blindfold is on tight, but you like what you see. 
So follow me into the night, 'cause I got just what you need.
We're all rollin' down to the Boulevard, Full of Pimps and shark. 
It's a motherfucken' riot, we've been dying to start. 
You better grab a hold 'cause now you know you're falling apart.
You thought these streets were paved in gold... 
But they're Dirty and Dark! 

(Course) (ALL) & (Danny) 

 BEEN TO HELL! 
I can show you the Devil! 
DOWN YOU FELL!
Can't hold yourself together!
SOUL TO SELL! 
Down here you live forever!
Welcome to a world where Dreams become nightmares! 

BEEN TO HELL! 
I can show you the Devil! 
DOWN YOU FELL!
Can't hold yourself together!
SOUL TO SELL! 
Down here you live forever!
Welcome to a world where Dreams become nightmares!

WELCOME! WELCOME! 

(Johnny 3 Tears)
In the Belly of the best, I'm a wolf amongst sheep.
At the bottom of the hill, But at the top of the street. 
Above the Boulevard, Schoolyard, Victim of deceit. 
And your running hard, but this wolf is always at your feet.
And you've seen it all before, but the wolf is at your door. 
And you're old enough to run, you ain't hinding anymore. 
Another victim of the Star Spangled Banner of the street.
Now you're in the world of the wolves, and we welcome all you sheep. 

(Course) (All) & ( Danny) 

(Charlie Scene) 
You need to wake up and face it, so you can taste my reality. 
Now you're stuck in this place you hate, And you came here so happily.
Then it made you lose your faith, And that's what fucked with your sanity. 
Say goodbye to your soal and say hello to your vanity. 
Hollywood is your friend, and the Undead are your family. 
We'll take you to the edge, and turn your regret into agony. 
And I'll never let you go, 'cause i know you'll come back to me. 
I'm the reason you came here, I'm the AMERICAN TRAGEDY!

(Course) (All) & (Danny) 

WELCOME! WELCOME! WELCOME! 

Welcome to a world where dreams become nightmares! 

WELCOME!---Lyrics submitted by kaylyn.



Submit Corrections



 
