

Hollywood we're never goin down
Hollywood we're never goin down
Hollywood we're never goin down

And all the kids in the hood, come on wave and shake your hands
Hollwood we never goin down
And when you're drunk shake that ass like you know how to dance
Hollywood we never goin down

Start getting loud, I wanna party now
If you hate on Undead that's a party foul
I only drink mickey's, I can't afford the cans
I drink so much they call me Charlie 40 hands
If the keg is tapped then you're gettin capped
Take your girl to the sack and I'll take a nap
Ladies drink 'em fast so I could have a blast
You got your beer gog's on and I'm gettin ass
(Like oh my God is that Charlie Scene?)
Ladies show me your treats like it's Halloween
You got a fake i.d. and you're 17
I'm a complete catastrophy, buzzing around you like a bumble bee
So let's take some shots!
Do a beer run and flip off a cop!
Girls give me props and they're on my jock!
Paris Hilton said that's hot when she saw my cock! That's hot!

And all the kids in the hood, come on wave and shake your hands
Hollwood we never goin down
And when you're drunk shake that ass like you know how to dance
Hollywood we never going down

I'm about to serve it up for all you party goers
Scene kids, meat heads, alchi's, stoners
Dancin round like a bunch of faggots
Funnier than fuck you acn ask Bob Saggot
I never claimed that I knew how to dance
but I'll get drunk, get high, and pull down my pants
So fuck 5 bucks, just fill up my cup
Don't kiss me bitch, you just threw up
Now I'm drunk as fuck, bout to pass out
Destination : your mother's couch
Dude is it true that you screwed my mom?
Fuck yeah bro, that pussy was bomb!
So I'm hopping, jumping, sipping, and skipping
It's nights like these that we all love living
So take out your hands and throw the H.U. up
Now wave it around like you don't give a fuck
Check please!

And all the kids in the hood come on wave and shake your hands
Hollywood we never goin down
And when your drunk shake that ass like you know how to dance 
Hollywood we never goin down

Can't stop, won't stop, Charlie make the booty drop
Can't stop, won't stop, Johnny make the booty drop
Can't stop, won't stop, J make the booty drop
Can't stop, won't stop, Shady make the booty drop
Can't stop, won't stop, Kurlzz make the booty drop
Can't stop, won't stop, Funny make the booty drop
Can't stop, won't stop, let me see the panties drop
Producers on the dance floor, let me see your booty pop
Grab your drink, get on the floor! 
Grab your drink and get on the floor!
Let's dance in the hood, shake that ass Hollywood

And all the kids in the hood come on wave and shake your hands
Hollywood we never going down
And when your drunk shake that ass like you know how to dance
Hollywood we never going down---



Submit Corrections



 
