

(feat. Big K.R.I.T. and Ashthon Jones)

[Verse 1 (Big Crit):]
Awakened from my slumber by the thunder, lightning clappin
Rainin on my window pane and praying I make something happen
A preachers prophecies never bothered me when I was younger
Sittin on my grandmas lap, and she cried, I often wondered
What was her tears for? Could it be for my grandfather?
Or maybe she felt for me cuz Id see more of those cold tomorrows
Than shed see. The world would up and turn on me
Cuz the morals that she often spoke were meant for 1923
I fall asleep off in her arms, a psalm was spoken
The Lord is surely my shepherd and lead me to the water
A thought that often stuck with me, amongst the wolves that run the streets
Out here payin dues then lose, I pray your ways would comfort me
A non-believer I never have and never could be
Lord, give me time to peep the signs I should see
Sippin got me feelin like a player
Ridin clean, bendin corners, hopin I might find my savior
On the curb, I rarely go to church
False prophets rockin Prada so I rarely feel the Word
Jezebels lurkin in the pews on the first
Preachers weaker than the deacon cuz its hard to fight the urge
Its hard to live and serve when you on the Devils turf
Sell your soul for the loan with no sense of what its worth
Dont get it twisted, I aint no saint, I aint no pastor
But prayin aint just for cloudy days and natural disasters
Aware of what comes after, bet you aint fo sho
I was warned that heaven aint the only place to go
Im doin what I can cuz there really aint much time
I leave dis in the Lord hands, Im tired of cryin

[Hook:]
Man down!
Hopin, prayin, sayin I cant turn
Back now!
He will find you, this worldll blind you, dont you be another
Man down!
Hopin, prayin, sayin you cant turn
Back now!
Help is just one prayer away
Dont be afraid to say,
Mayday!

[Verse 2 (Lecrae):]
Father forgive us for we know not what we do
In my bias, I've been pious with my nose up in the pews
Like Paul, I bear good news; they think I'm pall-bearin
My message sounds like death to these hearers as they perish
Scary to think we on the brink of death
But no one stops look for answers on what happens next
Got a couple scriptures from our grandma, sayings from a preacher
But can't live out these standards that we heard it takes to reach em
But when I look at Jesus, He lived the life I couldn't
Suffered for my crimes so I wouldn't
I used to have to sneak into the movies cause I couldn't ford to pay
So splain to me how some one paid my way
When hear Krit confessin I respect him
Cause most of us be lying like our lives don't need perfectin
Nothin that we muster, Nothin that we can change
Admitting that we're imperfect, offendin God with our games
Look, I'm just being honest so don't take for me for no lame
I seen it fo myself; Im a product of this thang
Now I found true religion, and it's not inside of denim
And them overpriced shades has never given us vision

[Hook]---Lyrics submitted by Jose Jimenez.



Submit Corrections



 
