

(Chorus)
Bitches ain't shit, but hoes and tricks (x8)

[YG]
Aye..uh
Got this bitch named Tasha, She let me fuck her in the
car.
Like Kim Kardashian, she wanna be a star.
Got this bitch named Brittany, With big ass titties.
But bitches ain't shit, cuz Bitches act Mickey (ughhhhh)
Got a main bitch, but i don't need her.
Everytime we fuck, i gotta pop a bean first.
Hit the purp, then eat that pussy for dessert.
It gets worse, just watch when she squirt.
I got this bitch who act Sadity,
She live in the cities,
Everytime she hear i got a new bitch, She says she miss
me.
Imma thug, Got this thug bitch she stay up in the
Jungles.
Everytime we go to Crenshaw Mall, she have a Rumble.
Got this bitch in the Hoovas, I don't wanna losaaaaa.
Ass so fat to measure it, i need a rulaaa.
Got this Bad Bitch, that go to Northridge.
She always wear Gucci, but she can't afford It.

(Chorus)
Bitches ain't shit, but hoes and tricks (x8)

[Tyga]
Take a bitch life, Now it's my life.
Needa bitch that can Fuck, Cook, Clean, right.
Turn a bitch out, make her lick twice.
Yeah she eat pussy, but she don't fuck dikes.
Laid in the middle, two ? Alike
Straight kill a bitch, pop rocks little sprite.
Bam bam little chubby ass gooy car,
Tell the bitch twinkle twinkle come meet a star,
I don't Odom, no Lamar
Kind of money make her come out her Leotard,
I'm in this bitch, like my dick hard.
And i shuffle money, Like playing cards.
Uh
YG tell them bitches wassup, they ready to cut no,
links in my suit, we don't cuff em,
Straight duck em, Like Donald.
Quack Qwak,
I don't even know the sound them bitches make
cuzzzzzz....

(Chorus)
Bitches ain't shit, but hoes and tricks (x8)

[Nipsey Hussle]
Look I like bitches, that's light skinned-ed,
With ah whole a lot of ass, and get right with it,
Off a pill, i can prolly' make her like bitches,
Lick Lick it, like a lolli till it's like Liquid,
These hoochies always talkin' bout, where my dick is,
But if it's not in your mouth, then get out my
business,
A nigga real ratchet, i ain't Wifin' Shit,
Known to fuck and cut her off, Light switches.
Uh, Now What i get ? Money bitch,
You look good, but to me you just a bummy bitch,
And the funny shit is, you know my other bitch,
Met me through her, on some under cover lover shit,
Got damn, ain't that your home girl?
Scandalous bitches, we livin' in a cold world.
That's why i flip em, flip em like ah zone girl.
And every week i change my number to my phone cuz...

(Chorus)
Bitches ain't shit but, hoes and tricks (x9).

-Fades out----



Submit Corrections



 
