

Maybach O, (Yeah)
Rozay,(I think I'mna pull up right here)
We gonna change your life overnight love, (What's up?)
Uh
Big Money (I'm back & shit)
Fast money, (Maybach O)
Believe that, (We going to turn out the club)

Lame ass niggas in your ear all night
Ciroc got me loose, but your dress fitting tight
My rolly say two, but the time is three
Even though my watch wrong, girl the time so right
I ain't selling no dreams, I ain't telling no lies
That dress so cold, but that body on fire
Ain't the smartest in the world, but looking at you girl
I'll be a fool to let the chance go by
So I'm gone!

(Ask you what your interests, who you be with?) To Convince you, I'm the one that you should leave with
(Things to make you smile, what, what numbers to dial) Girl, I got a thing for you, but it ain't no secret
If this conversation leads us, to the bed room we gon' make love
Cause girl I want to please you (girl I want to please you)
And girl I really need you, So...

Let's talk you & me (Boss)
Let's talk about tonight baby
Let's talk about all the good things that could happen if you leave with me
Baby, You can say I'm hatin' if you want to girl, but he can't do your body like a playa' do girl
(Attractin' with that line, what's your name, what's your sign?)
Soon as he buy that wine, I just creep up from behind
Let's Talk


Look at them Ey-ey-eyes over ya
Pop a few bottles like the first of the year
Stare so right, and he please you body better
But I came over just to make things clear
No disrespect, girl we both so grown
Just want you by my side when I say so long
Been paying attention
Niggas steady missing
Turning you off, Let me turn you on
So I'm gone!

(Ask you what your interests, who you be with?) To Convince you, I'm the one that you should leave with
(Things to make you smile, what, what numbers to dial) Girl, I got a thing for you, but it ain't no secret
If this conversation leads us, to the bed room we gon' make love
Cause girl I want to please you (girl I want to please you)
And girl I really need you, So...

Uh
She lookin' like a bag of money
Like a boss, so you know I let her count it for me
Like to floss, new watch, gold rings
People next door swear I'm dealing cocaine
Me and O gettin' dough like it's no thing
New Maybachs, boy that's way out of your range
All the chicks came, like we at a Knicks game
Carmelo numbers first and the fifteenth
We the best in the biz', baby there it is
I'mma handle mine, little homie handle his
At the Portofino, I just bought the top floor
I'm living like Nino baby, and want more
Now double that, Rev Run bubble bath
Overlook the city, blowing out her back
She better blow my mind or she can holla back
I get better with time, and it's a fucking wrap

(Ask you what your interests, who you be with?) To Convince you, I'm the one that you should leave with
(Things to make you smile, what, what numbers to dial) Girl, I got a thing for you, but it ain't no secret
If this conversation leads us, to the bed room we gon' make love
Cause girl I want to please you (girl I want to please you)
And girl I really need you, So...---Lyrics submitted by Lynn Thijssen.



Submit Corrections



 
