

Come on and break down and show us who you are.
Memory of your first impressions only get you far,
When you stay true, from beginning to end.
Flexing all your morals your environment will make back,
And to play cruel again.

Come on and break down
big personas come  your up
I used to hang on every verse when my days would get hard,
Slash forward to present day and time,
I thought I hoped and method after reading scripted lines back,

Why'd you take that path?
There's no way back, we are the spark,
That once would ignite burning light, burn in deep in your heart,
The start of making yourself to be bigger than you really are.

Conscience is calling,
C-Come and shut it up.
Yeah I know life gets rough sometimes,
Big dollars take the pressure off of hard times.
Regretting needs of sitting under will not let you in,
If you don't get a grip. your so self obserd,  controlling, hold it!

[Hayley Williams:]
"Wooah wooah, guys um is it cool if I get in on this here?"

(Hell yeahhh) (Dude go for it!)

[Hayley Williams:]
Well right listen,
(Ohhhh) I see you ready set go,
With unqualified pre-orders of your disgrat explode.
While just to a life line, those who try to intimidate are no way eyes.
Fabrications of a bus are riffing within a lie.

If you come back you'll have to (get, get, get, get, get)
Through all of us,
We are the spark,
That once would ignite, burning light,
Burn in deep in your heart, the start.
Of making yourself as to be bigger than you really are.
You would still have to be,
A belief with the need that i carry to this day.
Pass the torch want no more.
What a shame, who's to blame when the mighty falls on this,
Cause that i love,
With the kids fed up,
This time we want for you to man on up,
Right, and I care for all your crime,
Cause that I love, with the kids fed up,
This time we want, for you to man on up,
Right now I want you to sing it,
I wanna know why you won't play this just say you hate it, just why?
But you don't know why,
Such an illusive guyal full, meaningless sham.

Come on and break down,
Come on and break down,
Come on and break down,
Come on and break down,
Break down, break down,
Who's to blame,
Take the shame,
when the lying fall from his!!!---Lyrics submitted by natalie.



Submit Corrections



 
