

Was from North Louisiana, in the town of ?
I fell in love in a week or two
It didn't take long to love a girl like that
We were barely 10 in the cotton fields,
Playing horse shoe with the colored kids
I tried to kiss her, she grabbed a baseball bat.

I was waiting on June, I hope she comes to see me,
Waiting on June, I can't take this feeling,
Waiting on June, I pray to God she'll love one of these days
I hope I find my way, waiting on June.

I went off in fortitude, to fight them boys and pay my dues,
Her wallet picture kept my spirits high.
Charlie Boy died in my arms,
He saw Jesus, I saw blood,
It soaked her wallet picture that cold night.
I told my best friend Charlie I would kiss his girl goodbye,
He made me promise I'd go home and make Ms. June my wife.
Shaking like a drunk old fool, I hopped off of that plane
And I ran home to ask her in the rain.

Waiting on June, I hope that she says yes
Waiting on June, in her faded summer dress
Waiting on June, her daddy shook my hand
And she lit up the moment I pulled out that silver band
Waiting on June.

Well we married at the Methodist church,
Found a big white cow and a piece of dirt
We picked our trees to build our home stand on
Joe, then Becky, then Donna, then Shelby,
Our tiny house was a sanctuary,
Laughter filled those rooms all day long.
Yeah we were Waiting on June, she's putting her make up
Waiting on June, she's trying to get her hair curled
Waiting on June, "Kids listen to me, you walk on down to Sunday
School, I'll be there in 15,"
Waiting on June.

And the time flew by like they said it would
Yeah the kids grew fast and the farm did good
Mrs. Bertha made our supper every day
At noon that silver bell would ring
We'd all say grace and dig on in
We always ate together in those days
Oh, one by one those kids went off and found a love their own,
There was nothing like the joy I knew when they brought their babies home.
We'd play all day in the cotton fields with the dogs I raised up right
End in Grandma's kitchen every night.
Waiting on June, honey don't burn the bacon
Waiting on June, our bellies are a'aching
Waiting on June, she turns that fork so slow
We all had to sit there til the last bite was no more,
Waiting on June.

We were slower than we used to be,
The nursing home told June and me that we'd have seperate rooms side by side
Oh what I'd give for one more night of sleeping with my wife,
Since 45 I touched her skin in the middle of the night
So I'm lying in this single bed until they cut the lights
That's when she'll sneak in and I'll be fine.
Waiting on June, so we can kiss goodnight,
Waiting on June, I'll hold her hand so tight
Waiting on June, I'll love you til I die
It's bittersweet when love grows old and you really miss your wife,
Waiting on June.

Well they buried me last Tuesday morn,
The Good Lord came and he took me home.
I closed my eyes and quickly went away,
But the angels let me see her every day.
Waiting on June, our mansion is so grand
Waiting on June, footprints in the sand
Waiting on June, that's the story of my life
'Cause me and Jesus are standing here til' she walks through that light,
Waiting on June.
I'm still waiting on June, I'm always waiting on June
No more waiting on June.---Lyrics submitted by annie.



Submit Corrections



 
