

Born out of nothingness, defined by beauty and patience.
A tortured existence which leaves behind no answers.
Destined to suffer the struggle, cursed to be one of them, to be both of them.
Fatima. Rusalka.

Somewhere between the chaos and the void in a desert that predates time itself, bereft of stars and untouched by the Gods of man. 

There was only one. There was only her.

Black echoes deafening silence
Spat upon the tortured earth
She is born all alone
Cursed to never live, cursed to never die
Scarlet fiend condemned to breathe eternally
Thirsting for an answer, starving for her purpose
But the sky holds his tongue as she waits for the end 
And its not looking good at all

An anguished melody reveals to me a memory of love once lost
A quiet affliction, a moment of weakness
Breathe and shut your eyes
Finally, it all makes sense so naturally I am lost
When angels and devils make sense of the wreckage
Unsung heroine, death wont set you free

Cautiously I softly fake a smile, its cold here at night
Im trying to hide, dying to find myself
I should stop praying to no one
I cant stop searching for someone
Please just stop, sweetheart, it gets better than this
I wish I could go, wish I could find a way
I just want to see your face
But now Im starting to see how it all ends
And its not looking good at all

An anguished melody reveals to me a memory of love once lost
A quiet affliction, a moment of weakness
Breathe and shut your eyes
Finally, it all makes sense so naturally I am lost
When angels and devils make sense of the wreckage
Unsung heroine, death wont set you free
Immortality is your curse, an orphan by God, and lost

Youre an orphan by God, and lost
An orphan by God
So now it seems the sky has failed me
This has been a terrible mistake
If I had just one more chance...

If youre looking for an answer 
Hold tight and never let me go
And the lies we said well bury with the rest
Oh, the senselessness of all this suffering
Feel it again and over again
Let it begin

Ageless warrior left to destroy mankind and reap the earth
We have to believe, trust that there is hope
Useless prayers will be left to unveil the truth that all is lost
We have to believe, trust that there is hope

It was never just a dream.---Lyrics submitted by Crashinho.



Submit Corrections



 
