

Clench your fists, and grab on tight to the things that you hold true. 
When there's no one left to stand with it's all that you can do. 
Plant your feet in the dirt and look to those you love to keep you strong. 
[This is our cry! This is our call!] 
This is our anthem. This is our song! 
We're all we've got left, so stand up, so stand up, against everything. 
You've gotta fight to see another day. 
If this is hell than I don't want to see those pearly gates, 
because the life I live is the life I love and I wouldn't have it any other way. 
And if I stand alone to face the jaws of death, 
then I'll make sure that he earns this soul and I'll scream my name until my final breath. 
You'll reach a point where it seems like the only option is letting go, 
with uncertainty above, and the fires down below! 
Some will tell you the path you walk ends with you alone. 
Pay no attention, this is a life they'll never know. 
If this is hell than I don't want to see those pearly gates, 
because the life I live is the life I love and I wouldn't have it any other way. 
And if I stand alone to face the jaws of death, 
then I'll make sure that he earns this soul and I'll scream my name until my final breath. 
If we don't have each other, then we don't have anything. 
My bones, come hell or high water, still need saving from a sinking ship. 
You refuse to let me fade, put me back together. We're alive. Let's destroy it. 
Fight to survive! 
These are more than words, more than a song that we sing. 
For those who stand together this life means everything. 
Don't pray that it gets better, these storm won't go away. 
You've gotta fight, you've gotta fight, fight to see another day! 
If you feel the same, if you feel alone, then this can be a place we call our own. 
If you feel the same, abandoned and judged, then leave it all behind and sing with us. 
because the life I live is the life I love and I wouldn't have it any other way. 
And if I stand alone to face the jaws of death, 
then I'll make sure that he earns this soul and I'll scream my name until my final breath.---Lyrics submitted by Josh Watson.



Submit Corrections



 
