

Cum at the same time, oooh cum at the same time ooh baby baby baby baby baby baby baby we'll cum at the same time, baby oooh girl cum at the same time. Shawty shawty baby.

Verse1
You lie at the head I lie at the foot now if you ask me I think that that's a good look. I'm on top of you making you feel it I look up in the mirror and see that ass in the ceiling. We'll be curling our toes while screaming got dammit girl jus let me no that my access is granted. I'll kiss on your neck and move upto your ear ain't nothin greater than us starting right hear I really love the way we smooching, smooching is sumthing that i do to get started and get you open and I love the way you tease me ooh I like the way you do that you like the way I do this So lets 

Cum at the same, oooh baby hold my hand and we'll Cum at the same time 
Girl you look in my eyes, I look in your eyes and we'll Cum at hte same time
ooh baby baby baby baby baby baby baby we'll cum at the same time Shawty Shawty

Verse2
You like pleasing me and I like pleasing you, see you like that kinky shit and I like it to, were the perfect match Yes sex at it's best, Your my pussy cat yeah and your my hot mess. When I flip you over baby you like it, When you grind it for me baby girl I like it. Now I'm about to hit it like a honeymoon night so girl grab the sheets and bite the pillow tight. Cause you 's about to get it, if you really want girl I'mma jump on it after that I'm gonna on it it's the R to the O to the B in Kase you didn't no girl i'mma Pro so let's 

Cum at the same time,ooooh Cum at the same time
ooh baby baby baby baby baby baby baby
Cum at the same, you look in my eyes I look in your eyes and we'll cum
at the same time. Shawty shawty

oh girl I never knew sex like this no where it's like I've been blessed(I've been blessed yeah)
Baby when we close our eyes jus imagine that were cummin at the same time.
Sing it kels,, Ohh girl I never knew sex like this nooo where it's like I've been blessed. 
baby when we close our eyes jus imagine that were cummin at the same time

REPAET CHORUS::::
I gotta go you'll but before I go theres one thing I wanna no..
turn the radio's off listen, are you cummin ooh  I gotta no pretty baby Yeah so I can meet you there. Please fade this song before somebody gets preganant......
4th quarter R & B---Lyrics submitted by Myeshiea.



Submit Corrections



 
