

Now I can't leave this club without you girl
Swear I want more
You deserve an encore
Back stage VIP is jumping 
Now it's raining
Won't you come in 
Tell me are you with it?
What you want girl you can get it
These clubbers won't treat you like I treat you
Big chips, black cards you'll be my pool star
Somebody say you looking for me, girl here I go

Oh look oh my god
Who do we have
Up in the club dancing for me?
Girl let me help you chase your dreams
You're so beautiful......

(How can I make you understand)
Ooo that I want to rub, I want to touch, every little inch of your body
(Body)
Girl if you go with me
You're incredible......girl
(Oh yes you are)

Baby see the exit, exit, see the exit, let's go, out this club
Exit, exit, exit, see the exit, let's go out this club, exit

Now baby girl if that's your man forget about it go on and dance
And I really didn't mean no harm 
It's just the player's charm
In me girl and I do it 'round the world, 
Closing every bar like a professor baby
Kells gives sex seminars 
When you walk by so slow make me whistle
(You've got pretty teeth) 
And I feel so good when you smile at me yea
I'm about to buy you everything 
Baby girl just please come with me
I've got a big house in the mountains (lets go) 
And I've even got a stripper pole
Excuse me miss somebody say you're looking for me, girl here I go...

Oh look oh my god who do we have up in the club dancing for me
Why you upstaging these chicks? 
Girl you've got the gangs... order
How can I make you understand?
Ooo that I want to rub I want to touch every little inch of your body (body)
Girl you need to go with me
It's the last call... for alcohol girl
(yes it is)

Girl can you see the exit, exit, see the exit, lets go out this club
Exit, exit, exit see the exit lets go out this club, exit

When... you see me, 
Tour bus your block, 
Back of maybach
Black shades on down low in your hood
Smoking on that good

Girl take a picture, autograph, crack some jokes, make me laugh
Take some shots baby now
Come to my hotel
Girl I love the way youre teasing me, you and your girlfriend on the dance floor
I'm thinkin menagitwa
So whydontchu jump up off of my car
Girl it's so pretty, butter interior, custom made for me,
Let the top of that go back, then pull up to the the club real slow
So the fans can take a flick,
Girl I get a kick out of splurging on you
Nordstrom, Prada, Gucci, Fendi, Vicki Secrets too
Baby skies the limit where we go from here
Once were in the Benz, girl take me serious when I say
I wanna walk out of here with you

When you see the exit, exit, see the exit, lets go out this club
Exit, exit, exit see the exit lets go out this club
Exit (exit)
(yea)---Lyrics submitted by shenetria.



Submit Corrections



 
