

There's a ghost in my bedroom, it haunts me And I,
I've asked him to leave, but he keeps stopping by
And just when I think I'm alone,
It shows up again with a friend this time
And now this is getting old, I don't know what to do
Metaphorically, this ghost is you.

Now this ghost in my bedroom, it gives me advice
He promised one day he'd teach me to fly
Now when I think that I'm alone,
He comes up my way with a devil smile, singing
"This is now my home, you're my wish come true.
When you reach that golden cloud, I'll be there with you."
If there are monsters in the closet, well I don't think I will be surprised
I hear them crawl out from my window, they try to trick me to come outside
(I won't let you down) We talked all day,
I can't tell if he's real or a made out version of her again
Never alone, 'cause I got you. Get this out of my head.

No I won't waste away my love, onto something new.
If there's only one way out, I'll come back for you.
If I get stuck out there forever, tell everyone that I said good-bye.
And that my life-long list of wishes, that I could bring you back, but
We don't belong here now

If he stays, well that just means I've got numbered days
Till I go back to my little world,
Where it's just me and my imaginary friends.

So go on love, find a new direction
And hold my heart, keep it for protection
Don't get stuck on your way,
the other side's a scary place.
Do your best not to be afraid,
Lose it all when we run away
Letting go of the little things you know I do.

There's a ghost in my bedroom, and he's dying to meet you
God knows he's heard all about you
I guess he's friendly enough though
(There's a ghost in my bedroom, aaahhaaa)
I see him always taking roses in your bed
Says he won't let you down,
But he will, he will, he will.
(There's a ghost in my bedroom, aaahhaaa)
(He will, he will, he will)
We're the one's crashing down, we're the one's crashing down.
(There's a ghost in my bedroom, aaahhaaa)
(He will, he will, he will)
We're the one's crashing down, we're the one's crashing down.

(There's a ghost in my bedroom, aaahhaaa)
Please slow it , how can I come down?
I want you to notice when I let go

(There's a ghost in my bedroom, aaahhaaa)
Please slow it , how can I come down?
I want you to notice when I let go

There's a ghost in my bedroom, aaahhaaa..---Lyrics submitted by Aira Athena.



Submit Corrections



 
