

[Chorus]
Threw her in the trunk
Was tryin to smash
Get her cash
But her mouth was hella fast
So I threw her ass (in the trunk)
And even though she had a big plump rump
I threw her in an let the beat bump (through her in the trunk)
[Repeat X2]

2K11 ridin so low
In the benz on the twins hella low pro
Slingin CDs out the trunk of modo
My mojo said "a thick bitch" so I go slow
I pull it over tryin to get up on her bumper
wantin to crunch her so I "baby my new CD is a slumper"
It'll make the trunk thunder
Girl your rump give me lumber
Up under the sheets I can put you in a real deep slumber
She said fuck Tecca Nina didn't feel her
Did everything within my power not to kill her
Disrespectful bitch I really wish that I can grill her
Light on my head said that said put her in the trunk man you can steal her
I put the hater bitch in a head lock
She flippin out
I pop the trunk she crunk but I'm ain't bout to chicken out
I'm sick and tired of bein nice and lettin shit go by
She said fuck that Tech N9ne bullshit so I

[Chorus]
Threw her in the trunk
Was tryin to smash
Get her cash
But her mouth was hella fast
So I threw her ass (in the trunk)
And even though she had a big plump rump
I threw her in an let the beat bump (through her in the trunk)
[Repeat X2]

I'm bumpin everything that beat like gangsta shap
I bangs the rap in her ear til she gives thanks to that
Never take a prisoner where you hang your hat
Imma roll around wit her in the trunk
Poppin that Tech N9ne slump til the little bitch faint collapse
Imma roll to Topeka
Tecca Nina'll reach her if I gotta double back to Eureka
Crispy flows through my tweetas
Bumpin this ring when I roll through a teeta
Wait a minute I think this bitch is trying to kick a hole through my speakas
Get my gun then I open the trunk and said

Get out the God damn trunk! (OK!)
Get on the God damn ground! Take off your God damn belt! Put it around your ankles! Imma tie up your wrists myself! (OK! OK!)
I just wanted some drank n shit! What wrong with you?
(spitting sound) Bitch! (Ahh!)
The hell wrong with you?!

(Hey)
The hot sex was not slam dunk
Rode for hours then I stop right off van brun
When a bitch talkin crazy like a lost mans chump
Shode say "I throw bitch in the God damn trunk!"

[Chorus]
Threw her in the trunk
Was tryin to smash
Get her cash
But her mouth was hella fast
So I threw her ass (in the trunk)
And even though she had a big plump rump
I threw her in an let the beat bump (through her in the trunk)
[Repeat X2]

Hours turn to days
Days turn to weeks
Had to drill holes in the trunk so she could drink n eat
Whatever I stuff through the holes
Hot dogs n hohos 
Kidnapped on a low low spoke no mo
Oh no go slow there the po-po
I gotta ditch this
Bitch with a quickness
Man I just remembered this Benz-o was lifted
From Swope Park that's where I'm about to go dart
Letter know art
For the evil bitch and the brainless witch with no heart
It got so dark

[Random woman]
Police are still looking for 21-year old Crystal Nelson who has been missing since last Sunday.
Friends and family told police they thought this was yet another one of Crystal's weekend excursions.
But after all this time, they're still worried sick.

[Tech]
Its been fun mama
Fed her my catalog like adderall
Fucked up in the trunk with rump is how I had her ya'll
In a ditch
Walked back to the trunk
Wicked is how I sounded
Whispered "Bet that you love Tech N9ne now, bitch"
(Threw her in the trunk)

[Police]
Uh, I think I found the missing Mercedes here in Swope Park, uh, in a ditch near shelter 5.
Uh, it appears the car is still running. Um, music's playing.
Um, I'm approaching the car now, um, let me turn down the music.
Um, I'm gonna go ahead and pop the trunk.
There's an African-American female in the trunk.
She's tied up and appears to be delirious. 
[Girl]
Tech Tech N9ne N9ne
[Police]
This could be the girl that's missing from last week. 
[Girl]
Tech Tech N9ne N9ne Tech Tech N9ne N9ne

(Threw her in the trunk)---Lyrics submitted by taylor.



Submit Corrections



 
