

Killa, dipset, lil weezy, cash money,
yo ma, let me holla, lets do this uh,

[Hook]
Ma, I been huggin the block (huggin the block)
Thats right, hustling rocks (hustling rocks)
I know I been puffin a lot,
But a nigga need to know, baby girl, you gone suck it or not.

My drink hard as a mother fucker
You don't what? Tell that shit to another sucka
I ain't no sucka mama, c'mon, fuck the drama
Pat, kiss it then, lil' puckerama
I'm so active, you bein so drastic
Got something for your face, fuck proactive
Imma pro at this, 'round the globe atlas
But I need to know ma, u gone suck it or not
Baby girl im in luv wit the twat
Missionary back shots pop it off; rock it off (rock it off)
I tell ya right now if my cock is soft (what)
Hed before and after, top it off
Come here ma, show ya how to top a boss
Lick, suck, deepthroat, stop, cough,
Hop on, hop off, lollypop cough
I know its white but here comes the hot sauce. (killah!!)

[Hook]

Looking light skin, mommy wit tight slims,
fat ass, big tits, I noticed that nice chin, (sturdy chin)
I approached her, slight Grin, white timbs, 
Number you can type in, said she don't like men
I just laughed, ma, if we link we link,
You dont like men, me neither, what a cawinkidink (what a coincidence) 
Miss jiggy, my piggy, pinky mink, pinky ring blingin (oooo)
You gone suck it or not?
I aint the type to diss you, kinda like the issue.
Thats the situation, bring wifey wit you. (Bring her)
Would you like a tissue? (Why?) You gon need it for the cum in your nose
baby girl, cuz ya suckin my cock
Ain't not a question now, its a guarantee, 
They say I think I think im the shit, well apparently
But you wont hear words like marry me (what, marry me?)
The only thing you gone hear is suck it or not!!

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
I get head in the strangest places
Two at the same time, call it changin' faces
I tell the bitch we ain't tradin places, now stand back and catch
my amazing graces
Taste ya savor it, vanilla icecream--she say ohh my favorite
Do you know who you playin wit? 
Wayne, chillin like a scacrow, lookin for some brain
Drivin in the range uh, flyin' on the plane
her hed is crazy so she's insane
She know the game get in and get right
every bitch in the industry wanna rock my mic 
I'm hot like light, I'm tough like Ike I don't fuck wit dog hoes cuz them hoes might bite
Yeah, and then she follows and in the back of my mind I hopin' she swallows

[Hook x2]
---Lyrics submitted by Angel.



Submit Corrections



 
