

Admit it!
Despite your pseudo-bohemian appearance 
And vaguey leftist doctrine of beliefs
You now nothing about art or sex
That you couldn't read in any trendy New York underground fashion magazine
Prototypical non-conformist.
You are a vacuous soldier of the thrift store Gestapo
You adhere to a set of standards and tastes
That appear to be determined by an unseen panel of hipster judges (bullshit)
Giving a thumbs up or thumbs down to incoming and outgoing trends and styles of music and art
Go analog baby, you're so post-modern
You're diving face forward into an antiquated path
It's disgusting, it's offensive, don't stick your nose up at me!

Yeah, what do you have to say for yourself?
Whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah
Yeah, what do you have to say for yourself?
Whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah

You spend your time sitting in circles with your friends
Pontificating to each other
Forever competing for that one moment of self-aggrandizing glory
In which you hog the intellectual spotlight
Holding dominion over the entire shallow pointless conversation
Oh, we're not worthy
When you walk by a group of quote-unquote normal people 
You chuckle to yourself, patting yourself on the back as you scoff
It's the same superiority complex
Shared by the jocks who made your life a living hell
And it makes you a slave to the competitive capitalist dogma
You spend every moment of your waking life bitching about.

Yeah, what do you have to say for yourself?
Whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah
Yeah, what do you have to say for yourself?
Whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah

Coz I'm proud of my life and the things that I have done
Proud of my life and the loner I've become
You're free to whine, it will not get you far
I do just fine, my car and my guitar.

Proud of my life and the things that I have done
Proud of myself and the loner I've become
You're free to whine, It will not get you far
I do just fine, my car and my guitar
Yeah!

Well let me tell you this,
I am shamelessly self-involoved
I spend hours in front of the mirror making my hair elegantly disheveled
I wonder about how this album will sell
Because I believe it will determine the amount of sex I will have in the future
I self medicate with drugs and alcohol to treat my extreme social anxiety.

You are a faker! (Admit it!)
You are a fraud! (Admit it!)
Yeah, you're living a lie (Hey!), living a lie (Hey!), your life is living a lie
You dont impress me (Admit it!)
You don't intimidate me (Admit it!)
Why don't you bow down, get on the ground , walk this fucking plank! (Yeah!)

Yeah, what do you have to say for yourself?
Whoah, whoah, whoah, whoah
And I say yeah (what do you...)

Proud of my life and the things that I have done 
Proud of myself and the loner I've become
You're free to whine, it will not get you far
I do just fine, my car and my...
Guitar, guitar go!

I drift drift drift drift drift.drift
I drift drift drift drift drift drift oh

And I am done with this
I wanna taste the breeze of every great city
My car and my guitar
My car and my...guitar
So you've come to be, made of these, urgent unfulfilled
Oh no no no no no
When I'm dead I'll rest
When I'm dead I'll rest, way still
When I'm dead I'll rest, I'll rest
When I'm dead I'll rest, I'll rest
When I'm dead I'll rest, I'll rest
When I'm dead I'll rest, I'll rest!

~End of song---Lyrics submitted by Edward.



Submit Corrections



 
