

Who's the one that makes you happy?
Or maybe, who's the one always on your mind?
And who is the reason you're livin' for?
Who's the reason for your smile?

I feel so lonely, yet I know I'm not the only one
To ever feel this way.
I love ya so much that I think I'm goin' insane.
I'm goin' crazy, outta my head.
Goin' crazy, outta my head.
Can't think about nothin' but your good, good love,
And what you give.

Now, ev'ry one needs somebody.
And you know, ev'rybody needs someone.
Well, and a-yes it's true!
Ev'rybody needs a special kind of love,
And you're the only one I'm thinkin' of.
You mean the world to me.
You are my only!

I feel so lonely, yet I know I'm not the only one
To carry on this way.
I love ya so much I lose track-a time,
Lose track of the days.
I'm goin' outta my head,
Goin' crazy, outta my head.
Can't think about a-nothin' but your good, good love,
And what you give.

It's not whatcha got, it's a-what you give.
It ain't the life you choose, it's the life you live.
It's only what you give, only what you give, only what you give,
It's not whatcha got, a-but the life you live.
It's the life you live.
[Spoken:] Play it pretty for the world.

You're the one that makes me happy. Oh yeah baby.
And you're the one always on my mind. And a-yes it's true.
You are my reason, my one and only that I've been livin' for
Why can't forever be forever and nothin' more. (To Chorus)

It's not whatcha got, it's a-what you give.
It ain't the life you choose, it's the life you live.
No, no, no, no, no!
It's not whatcha got, it's a-what you give.
And it ain't what it's not, but a-what it is!

Only what you give, only what you give. It's only what you give.
It's not whatcha got, a-but a-what you give.
It's not whatcha got, it's a-what you give. A-what you give woman.
It ain't the life you choose, it's the life you live.
It's only what you give, only what you give, only what you give,
It's not whatcha got, but a-what you give.
It's only what you give. Only what you give. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Only what you give. Only what you give.
Only what you give, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Is that good enough for the girls we run around with?
I do believe so. Ooh, ooh, uh-huh.
Only what you give, what you give. Only what you give.
Only what you give.---Lyrics submitted by Jenny Wittkamp.



Submit Corrections



 
